SIMMONS:hey.
GRIF:yeah?
SIMMONS:you ever wonder why we're here?
GRIF:it's one of life's great mysteries, isn't it. why are we here? i mean, are we the product of... some cosmic coincidence or, is there really a god... watching everything? you know, with a plan for us and stuff. i don't know man, but it keeps me up at night.
SIMMONS:...
GRIF:...
SIMMONS:what? i meant why are we out here, in this canyon?
GRIF:oh, uh... yeah.
SIMMONS:what was all that stuff about god?
GRIF:uh... hm? nothing.
SIMMONS:you wanna talk about it?
GRIF:no
SIMMONS:you sure?
GRIF:yeah.
SIMMONS:seriously though, why are we out here? far as i can tell, it's just a box canyon in the middle of nowhere, with no way in or out.
GRIF:mhm.
SIMMONS:and the only reason that we set up a red base here, is because they have a blue base over there. and the only reason they have a blue base over there is because we have a red base here.
GRIF:yeah, that's because we're fighting each other.
SIMMONS:no no, but i mean, even if we were to pull out today, and they were to come take our base, they would have two bases in the middle of a box canyon. whoop de fucking do!
GRIF:what's up with that anyway? i mean, i signed on to fight some aliens. next thing i know master chief blows up the whole covenant armada, and i'm stuck in the middle of nowhere, fighting a bunch of blue guys.
TUCKER:what're they doing?
CHURCH:what?
TUCKER:i said what're they doing now?
CHURCH:god damn, i'm getting so sick of answering that question!
TUCKER:hey you have the fucking rifle, i can't see shit. don't bitch at me because i'm not going to just sit up here and play with my dick all day.
CHURCH:okay, okay look: they're just standing there, and talking, okay? that's all they're doing. that's all they ever do, is just stand there and talk. that's what they were doing last week, that's what they were doing when you asked me five minutes ago. so five minutes from now, when you ask me "what're they doing?" my answer's gonna be "they're still just talking, and they're still just standing there!"
TUCKER:... what're they talking about?
CHURCH:you know what? i fucking hate you.
GRIF:talk about a waste of resources. i mean, we should be out there finding new and intelligent forms of life. you know, fight them.
SIMMONS:yeah, no shit. that's why they should put us in charge.
SARGE:ladies! front and center, on the double!
SIMMONS:fuck, me.
GRIF:yes sir!
SARGE:hurry up ladies, this ain't no ice cream social!
SIMMONS:ice cream social?
SARGE:stop the pillow-talk you two. anyone want to guess, why i gathered you here, today?
GRIF:um, is it because the war's over and you're sending us home?
SARGE:that's exactly it, private. war's over. we won. turns out you're the big hero, and we're gonna hold a parade in your honor. i get to drive the float, and simmons here, is in charge of confetti!
GRIF:i'm no stranger to sarcasm, sir.
SARGE:god dammit private, shut your mouth or else i'll have simmons slit your throat while you're asleep!
SIMMONS:oh, i'd do it too.
SARGE:i know you would simmons... good man. couple of things today, ladies: command has seen fit to increase our ranks here at blood gulch outpost number 1.
GRIF:crap, we're getting a rookie.
SARGE:that's right dead man. our new recruit will be here within the week. but today, we received the first part of our shipment from command. lopez... bring up the vehicle.
SIMMONS:shotgun!
GRIF:shotgun! fuck!
SARGE:may i introduce, our new light reconnaissance vehicle. it has four inch armor plating, maaag buffer suspension, a mounted machine gunner position, and total seating for three. gentlemen, this is the m12-lrv! i like to call it the warthog.
SIMMONS:why 'warthog' sir?
SARGE:because m12-lrv is too hard to say in conversation, son.
GRIF:no, but... why 'warthog'? i mean, it doesn't really look like a pig...
SARGE:say that again?
GRIF:i think it looks more like a puma.
SARGE:what in sam hell is a puma?
SIMMONS:uh... you mean like the shoe company?
GRIF:no, like a puma. it's a big cat. like a lion.
SARGE:you're making that up.
GRIF:i'm telling you, it's a real animal!
SARGE:simmons, i want you to poison grif's next meal.
SIMMONS:yes sir!
SARGE:look, see these two tow hooks? they look like tusks. and what kind of animal has tusks?
GRIF:a walrus.
SARGE:didn't i just tell you to stop making up animals?
TUCKER:what is that thing?
CHURCH:i don't know, but it looks like uh... looks like they got some kinda car down there. we'd better get back to base and report it.
TUCKER:a car? how come they get a car?
CHURCH:what are you complaining about man? we're about to get a tank in the very next drop.
TUCKER:you can't pick up chicks in a tank.
CHURCH:oh, you know what, you could bitch about anything, couldn't you. we're gonna get a tank, and you're worried about chicks. what chicks are we gonna pick up man!? firay, and secondly, how are we gonna pick up chicks in a car that looks like that?
TUCKER:well what kind of car is it?
CHURCH:i don't know, i've never seen a car that looks like that before, it looks like a uh... like a big cat of some kind.
TUCKER:... ... what, like a puma?
CHURCH:yeah man, there ya go.
SARGE:so unless anybody else has any more mythical creatures to suggest as a name for the new vehicle, we're gonna stick with 'the warthog'. how about it grif?
GRIF:no sir, no more suggestions.
SARGE:are you sure? how 'bout bigfoot?
GRIF:that's okay.
SARGE:unicorn?
GRIF:no really, i'm... i'm cool.
SARGE:sasquatch?
SIMMONS:leprechaun?
GRIF:hey, he doesn't need any help man...
SARGE:phoenix!
GRIF:huh... christ.
SARGE:hey simmons, what's the name of that mexican lizard, eats all the goats?
SIMMONS:uh, that would be the chupacabra, sir!
SARGE:hey grif! chupathingie, how 'bout that? i like it! got a ring to it...
SIMMONS:hey that's not exactly what happened.
GRIF:yes it is. you said "i'm not going to the vegas quadrant," and then the next thing i know you're in an escape pod headed for-
SOLDIER IN RED ARMOR:excuse me uh, sirs.
SIMMONS:sirs?
GRIF:ah crap.
RED ARMOR:i was told to report to blood gulch outpost number one and speak to whoever's in charge?
GRIF:sorry man, sarge is at command getting orders. ain't nobody in charge today.
SIMMONS:actually private, he left me in charge while he's gone.
GRIF:you are such a kiss-ass.
SIMMONS:also, he told me if i had any trouble from you i should... (clears throat) "git in the warthog, 'nd crush yer head like a tomato-can."
GRIF:that's the worst impression i've ever heard.
SIMMONS:okay rookie, what's your story?
RED ARMOR:private donut reporting for duty, sir. i'm ready to fight some aliens.
GRIF:couple things here, rookie. first off, private donut? i think somebody needs a new nickname. secondly, what's with the armor color?
DONUT:this is the standard issue red.
GRIF:yeah, i know. listen. only two kinds of people wear standard issue armor: officers and recruits. and since you're not threatening to gut me like a fish, you're probably not an officer.
DONUT:well, he's wearing red armor...
SIMMONS:no, my armor is maroon. your armor is red.
DONUT:well how do i get a different color armor?
SIMMONS:i bet the blues don't have to put up with this kind of crap.
SOLDIER IN BLUE ARMOR:so i say to the guy, "how're you gonna get the tank down to the planet?" and he goes, "i'll just put it on the ship" and i go, "if you've got a ship that can carry a tank, why not just put guns on the ship and use it instead?"
TUCKER:hey kid.
BLUE ARMOR:yeah?
TUCKER:you're ruining the moment. shut up.
BLUE ARMOR:oh. okay. you got it man!
CHURCH:you know what? i could blow up the whole god damn world with this thing.
SIMMONS:okay, private donut, here's the deal.
GRIF:i just refuse to call him private donut!
SIMMONS:we've got a very important mission for you. you think you can handle it?
DONUT:absolutely!
SIMMONS:we need you to go to the store, and get two quarts of elbow grease.
GRIF:yeah and um, pick up some headlight fluid for the puma too.
DONUT:the what?
SIMMONS:he means the warthog.
GRIF:you do know where the store is, right rookie?
DONUT:what? yeah, yeah, of course i do. sure, no problem.
SIMMONS:well, get going then.
GRIF:other way.
DONUT:i knew that. just, got turned around, that's all.
SIMMONS:how long do you think until he figures out there's no store?
GRIF:i say, at least a week.
DONUT:elbow grease, how stupid do they think i am? once i get back to base with that headlight fluid, i'm gonna talk to the sargeant.
TUCKER:you know what? forget what i said before. we can definitely pick up chicks in this thing. probably two or three chicks a piece.
CHURCH:oh man, listen to you. what're you gonna do with two chicks?
TUCKER:church, women are like voltron. the more you can hook up, the better it gets.
SIMMONS:you think that we were too mean to the kid?
GRIF:nah, he'll just wander around on the cliffs for a few hours. what's the worst that could happen?
DONUT:finally, there it is. oh sweet, they sell tanks!
CHURCH:yeah i'll let you in on a little secret, i've uh... i've actually got a girl back home.
TUCKER:oh yeah? girlfriend or wife?
CHURCH:no, man, she's just my girlfriend, ya know? we were gonna get married, but i got shipped out, and... ah, you know how it works.
TUCKER:oh, well, you gonna marry her when you get back?
SOLDIER IN BLUE ARMOR:i'm not gonna get married. my dad always said "why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?"
CHURCH:hey rookie... did you just call my girlfriend a cow?
TUCKER:no, i think he called her a slut!
CHURCH:i'll tell you what newb, i could sit out here and listen to you insult my girlfriend all day long, but as it turns out, i got a lot more important job for you to do.
ROOKIE:great.
CHURCH:see, we've got this general.
TUCKER:right, the general guy.
CHURCH:...who likes to come by and make random inspections of bases. so what i'm gonna have you do, is i'm gonna have you go in the base, and stand right next to the flag at attention, just in case he decides to come by.
ROOKIE:when is he coming by?
TUCKER:we never know. could be today, could be a week from now.
ROOKIE:you want me to stand at attention for a week?
CHURCH:you know, you don't sound very grateful. this is the most important job at the whole base. you're gonna be right there with the flag.
ROOKIE:what's so important about the flag?
CHURCH:oh, come on, don't they teach you guys anything in training?
ROOKIE:they didn't tell us anything about a flag. why is it so important?
CHURCH:because it's the flag, man, you know, it's the f... it's the flag, it's... tucker, you tell him why the flag is so important.
TUCKER:well, it's... it's complicated. wuh... it's blue, we're blue
CHURCH:it's just important, okay, trust us. so when the general comes by, the first thing he's gonna want to do is inspect the flag.
TUCKER:right.
CHURCH:so just go in there, you know, far away from us, and wait for him.
ROOKIE:uh how will i know when i see him?
TUCKER:there's only three of us out here, rookie. he's gonna be the guy that doesn't look like one of us.
CHURCH:now get in there, and don't come out! (turns to tucker) man, that guy is dumber than you are.
TUCKER:you mean he's dumber than you are.
CHURCH:wow, tucker, that was a great come-back.
ROOKIE:uh, mister church? sir?
CHURCH:oh my god, what!? tucker, i swear, i'm gonna kill him!
ROOKIE:sorry about calling your girl a slut...
CHURCH:rookie! shut up! just shut up, you're driving me crazy, get in there!
TUCKER:(turns around) uh-huh huh huh huh
CHURCH:(turns around to face tucker's back) tucker, are you laughing at me?
DONUT:excuse me, sir, can i ask you a question?
CHURCH:dear god in heaven, rookie, if i turn around, and you are not inside, i... i can't be held responsible for what i'm gonna do to you!
DONUT:what did i do?
CHURCH:one...
DONUT:aw, gimme a break.
CHURCH:two!
DONUT:fine.
ROOKIE:wow... you got here fast.
DONUT:why is everyone so freakin' rude in this canyon.
ROOKIE:i'm not sir, what can i do for you?
DONUT:finally, someone with a little respect around here.
ROOKIE:yes sir! i assume you're here because of this... (turns toward the flag)
DONUT:wait, is this all you have?
ROOKIE:uh, yes sir, that's it!
DONUT:aw man, this figures. shit. what about elbow grease?
ROOKIE:uhhmmmm...
DONUT:headlight fluid?
ROOKIE:no, all we have is this flag.
DONUT:well, i can't go back empty handed... i guess i'll take that.
ROOKIE:sure... that makes sense. i guess.
DONUT:(leaving with the flag) man, they're gonna give me so much shit for coming back with just this stupid flag.
CHURCH:well, enough gabbing out of us, let's take this bad boy out for a spin. go ahead and hop in, tucker.
TUCKER:me? i can't drive that thing.
CHURCH:you're telling me you're not armor certified?
TUCKER:i ca- i don't even know how to use the fucking sniper rifle. don't you know how to drive that?
CHURCH:no! holy crap! who is running this army!?
ROOKIE:(emerging from the base) hey! just wanted to let you know, the general stopped by, and picked up the flag!
CHURCH:yeah. okay. whatever moron! why would they give us a tank, if nobody here knows how to drive the damn thing? ...wait a second... what did he just say?
CHURCH:let me get this straight... you gave this guy our flag.
ROOKIE:is that bad?
CHURCH:bad? oh no, that's not bad. next time he comes over, why don't you just help him blow up the whole god damn base?
TUCKER:there, there he is.
CHURCH:where... oh, yeah, oh, i got him. he's sneaking around back behind the cliffs.
TUCKER:he must be one smart son of a bitch.
DONUT:oh, man, i am so freakin' lost. where the hell is the base?
CHURCH:oh, shit... hey tucker, look at his armor. it's red.
TUCKER:oh man, that means it's their sargeant.
CHURCH:well, that makes sense. at least now we know how he got by our defences.
ROOKIE:uh you know, he came in the back door where you guys were standing.
TUCKER:yeah, okay, well let's take him out then.
CHURCH:roger that. okay, say goodnight sarge.
DONUT:son of a bitch!
CHURCH:aw crap.
TUCKER:...
CHURCH:...what?
TUCKER:you're really not very good with that thing, are you.
DONUT:hey! it's me! don't shoot! i'm the guy that bought the flag, remember!?
TUCKER:oh great, now he's taunting us. that's just embarassing.
CHURCH:alright, that's it, i've had it. rookie, you stay here. me and tucker, we'll head through the teleporter, we'll cut him off at the pass.
ROOKIE:right!
CHURCH:tucker, you ready? let's go.
TUCKER:there is no way i'm going through that thing.
CHURCH:tucker, we don't have time for this. why would they give us a teleporter if it doesn't work?
TUCKER:i don't know, why would they give us a tank that noone can drive?
CHURCH:we already tested the teleporter, remember?
TUCKER:we threw rocks through it!
CHURCH:yeah, and, so what? the rocks came out the other side, didn't they?
TUCKER:yeah, but they were all hot, and covered with black stuff.
CHURCH:oh, so i guess that's what this is all about then, you're afraid of a little black stuff.
TUCKER:yes. i am. i am afraid of black stuff.
CHURCH:tucker, i almost hate to do this to you. (raising his gun to tucker)
TUCKER:you wouldn't...
CHURCH:you know, i look at it this way: either a, we go through there, and get the flag back, or b, we stay here, and i get to kill you. either way, i win.
TUCKER:for the record, i want you to know, rocks aren't people.
CHURCH:duly noted. now get in there.
TUCKER:crap... alright. one, two...
ROOKIE:... huh, he didn't come out the other side...
CHURCH: yeeeaaaahhhhh, i've uh, i've decided i'm not gonna use the teleporter.
CHURCH:okay, rookie, you stay here! i'll be back with the flag!
SIMMONS:i still have no idea what you're talking about. i didn't hear any shots.
SIMMONS:wait a second, that's only three bams.
GRIF:bam. (sees donut with the flag) wait a second, we've got a blue guy on the move out there.
SIMMONS:where's he headed?
GRIF:oh crap... it... it's donut. and he's got something... (zooms in, sees it's the flag) it looks like... simmons, get the warthog.
SIMMONS:heh, you mean the puma?
GRIF:yeah, keep making jokes. that'll win the war.
GRIF:oh crap... it... it's donut. and he's got something... (zooms in, sees it's the flag) it looks like... simmons, get the warthog.
SIMMONS:heh, you mean the puma?
CHURCH:freeze!
DONUT:hey, why the hell are you shooting at me? you coulda hit me, dick!
CHURCH:can it. don't try to play stupid with me, sarge i know who ya are we've been spying on you for three weeks now.
DONUT:i just got here two hours ago. and i'm not a sargeant, i'm a private.
CHURCH:wait a minute you're not the sargeant!
DONUT:yeah, that's what i just said.
CHURCH:well then how the hell did you manage to steal our flag?
DONUT:steal? i have no idea what the hell you're talking about!
TUCKER:three!
CHURCH:jesus!
DONUT:holy shit! who is this guy?
CHURCH:what in the hell!? tucker? is that you?
TUCKER:how did you get up here ahead of me?
DONUT:and what's with that black shit on your armor?
TUCKER:hey. freeze sarge!
DONUT:would you stop calling me a sargeant, i'm still just a private.
TUCKER:the sarge is still a private? oh. my. god. the teleporter sent me back in time.
GRIF:sorry lopez, we need the jeep.
SIMMONS:i'll take gunner... (takes gunner) ...let's roll. (they drive off) don't worry lopez, i'll bring her back in one piece.
GRIF:how do you turn off the fucking radio in this car?
TUCKER:look, i know you don't know me, but you have to believe what i'm about to tell you. some time in your future i get stationed here in blood gulch, and we meet. and this guy here, he gets promoted to sargeant of the red army, and we spy on them. and they get this new jeep, and i'm like "there is no way you can pick up chicks in a tank!"
CHURCH:tucker? what the fuck are you babbling about?
TUCKER:i know all this sounds crazy, but he eventually becomes a sargeant, and then one day we get a tank, and he comes and steals a flag while we're distracted.
DONUT:is this guy a retard?
CHURCH:(jeep's music gets progressively louder during this speech) red? shut up. tucker? listen to me. ya haven't gone back in time, okay? this is the guy who stole the flag, he's just not the sargeant. turns out, he's just some dumb rookie, who happens to have the same color armor as him. he got in somehow, just g... for god's sakes, what is that music!?
GRIF:woohoo!
TUCKER:holy shit!
CHURCH:son of a bitch! run! jesus! run!
TUCKER:the jeep followed me back in time!
CHURCH:ah! git! the ah! eeh!
GRIF:what the hell is going on here?
DONUT:you know what, i honestly have no idea what's going on. i think everyone in this canyon is absolutely insane.
GRIF:how did you get their flag?
DONUT:i don't know, i just asked for it.
GRIF:wait, that worked?
DONUT:i guess. is it not supposed to?
GRIF:i don't know, we, we never even thought to try that. just take the flag to the base, i'll explain there.
DONUT:not until someone tells me what the fuck is goi-
GRIF:there's no time to explain, rookie! just take the flag, and go to base! i'll explain everything there.
DONUT:fine...!
GRIF:hungh, back to our base, dumbass!
DONUT:uh, i know, i just got turned around, that's all.
SIMMONS:that's right! that's right, i got your ass! get off your ass and run, you cock bites! right now! yeah, not so pretty when you gotta run are you! yeah, that's right. stay there. you know where you flag is? we're gonna get you! come on! don't be a wimp! come on, blue! come on, get out there! i've got a whole barrel of love to shoot you with! come on! get out now! yeah, come on out! i know you like this! come out where i can get you! come on! don't be a wimp! come on, blue! be tough, get out there!
ROOKIE:oh man, that's not good. (pans the rifle to the jeep) oh my god that jeep has a really big gun.
ROOKIE:stay here... tank... stay here... tank... ah, screw it. (runs off to the tank)
CHURCH:well, we'll just wait here. that thing's gotta run outta bullets some time...
SIMMONS:yeah, get going, take that! i know you like that there, come out! come here! poke your head up! come on blue! get your head out there!
NARRATOR:last week, on red vs. blue
CHURCH:uh, hey dude, we didn't have a video last week. we were at e3, remember?
NARRATOR:i mean, week before last...
ROOKIE:oh my god that jeep has a really big gun.
ROOKIE:stay here... tank... stay here... tank... ah, screw it. (runs off to the tank)
CHURCH:my god, doesn't that thing ever run out of bullets?
TUCKER:you know, in hindsight, we should have brought the tank.
CHURCH:hey, tucker, what good is a tank gonna do us if nobody here knows how to drive it?
TUCKER:yeah, i can see how hiding behind a rock is a much better strategy.
CHURCH:well, yeah, but... oh man, i guess i gotta give that one to ya.
TANK:hello, and thank you for activating the m808v main battle tank. you may call me sheila.
ROOKIE:hello. sheila. big tank lady.
SHEILA:would you like me to run the tutorial program?
ROOKIE:oh, that'd be very nice. thank you.
SHEILA:tutorial program activated. this program is intended to instruct non-certified personnel in the use of the scorpion class tank. let's begin with some driving.
ROOKIE:okay.
GRIF:simmons. simmons!
GRIF:man, that thing is loud.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:come on, let's sneak around the back of the rock and get 'em out.
SIMMONS:okay.
GRIF:keep it down! jesus. let's go, before they figure out what's going on.
SHEILA:now that you've mastered driving the m808v, let's move on to some of the safety features.
ROOKIE:no, no, wait, go back! (unstrands the tank) why are there six pedals if there are only four directions?
CHURCH:(whispering) psst, hey, they stopped firing.
TUCKER:why are you whispering?
CHURCH:(whispering) uhm... i don't know.
GRIF:aw, crap, i don't think we're gonna be able to get around this way.
SIMMONS:tell me again, uh, why did we get out of the jeep?
GRIF:well, i guess it was this or sit there and watch you shoot rocks all day long.
SIMMONS:well at least that was fun.
GRIF:hoolyy crap. what in god's name is that thing?
CHURCH:tucker, don't be stupid. they're just trying to draw us out.
TUCKER:no they're not, look: they left the jeep. they're gone.
CHURCH:well, i don't know about this. it seems pretty fishy, but... alright screw it, let's go get it.
GRIF:dude hold still. i don't think it sees us.
NARRATOR:coming up, on red vs. blue. you've watched them for seven episodes. but next week, the unthinkable! someone. will. die!
SARGE:... i sure hope it's grif.
GRIF:why is it just sitting there?
SIMMONS:just trying to mess with our heads. let's get back to the warthog.
SHEILA:this tank is equipped with an auto-fire sequence, that can be activated by pressing the auto-fire button.
ROOKIE:auto-fire, auto-fire, here, here! no, wait... okay that's more a switch than a button...
SHEILA:(over top of the rookie's lines) this will end the tutorial, and should only be activated if proper safety procedures...
SIMMONS:okay, you ready? let's do this on three. one...
GRIF:wait. on three? or three and then go?
SIMMONS:on three. it's always faster to go on three.
GRIF:okay, okay. on three.
ROOKIE:here!
SHEILA:tutorial deactivated. auto-fire sequence activated.
SIMMONS:ready?
SHEILA:acquiring target.
CHURCH:i'm going for the jeep. cover me.
SIMMONS:one...
SHEILA:target acquired.
GRIF:oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit...
SIMMONS:two...
SHEILA:target locked.
SIMMONS:three! (turns around, sees grif running) oh, you back-stabbing cock bite!
SHEILA:firing main cannon.
SIMMONS:(next to tank) son of a bitch!
GRIF:(next to jeep) son of a bitch!
CHURCH:(near jeep) son of a bitch!
SHEILA:firing main cannon. (fires)
SIMMONS:shit!
SHEILA:firing main cannon. (fires)
SIMMONS:dammit!
SHEILA:firing main cannon. (fires)
TUCKER:hey dude, the jeep blew up.
CHURCH:no kidding. thanks for the update, tucker.
SHEILA:firing main cannon. (fires, hits the rock)
SIMMONS:hey, i have a great idea. let's get out of the jeep, and sneak around the back of the rock.
SHEILA:firing main cannon. (fires, hits the rock)
SIMMONS:great plan you idiot!
SHEILA:all targets eliminated. acquiring new target.
CHURCH:hey tucker, look at this, man: it's the rookie! and he brought tank out to scare off the reds.
TUCKER:what? no way!
CHURCH:hey rookie, good job man! why didn't you tell us you knew how to drive the tank?
SHEILA:new target acquired. (spinning turret around at church)
ROOKIE:that's not a target. that's church.
CHURCH:yeah, that's right, it's me, church! what's going on, man!
SHEILA:(locking on to church) target locked.
ROOKIE:what? no. target unlock. unlock! please help me nice lady.
SHEILA:firing main cannon.
ROOKIE:uh oh...
TUCKER:uh oh...
CHURCH:what? oh, son of a bi-
TUCKER:holy fuck! church, are you okay? talk to me, church! you shot church, you team-killing fucktard!
SHEILA:auto-fire sequence deactivated.
CHURCH:(dying) tucker! ...tucker!
TUCKER:church! it's going to be okay, man.
CHURCH:no. ah... i'm na, i'm not gonna make it. tucker, there's something i need to tell you.
TUCKER:what is it?
CHURCH:i just want you to know, i always hated you. i always hated you the most.
TUCKER:yeah, i know you did. now hurry up and die, you prick.
CHURCH:okay. hierh! blueah.
DONUT:what happened?
GRIF:big... tank... shooting... whooooh!
SIMMONS:damn, man, we only ran like three hundred feet. you are really out of shape.
GRIF:fuck... you...
DONUT:where's your car?
SIMMONS:general patton here had a great strategy to leave it behind.
GRIF:hey, it would have worked if that tank hadn't shown up.
DONUT:you lost the jeep? oh man, lopez is gonna be pissed. where is it?
GRIF:what the hell?
GRIF:son of a bitch!
DONUT:holy crap! what the hell is that thing?
GRIF:that's the tank!
DONUT:hey uh, grif uh, you wanna hold the flag for a little bit?
GRIF:no, keep that away from me!
TUCKER:why do you keep firing at the jeep?
ROOKIE:because it's locked on!
SHEILA:target locked.
TUCKER:well unlock it.
ROOKIE:last time i unlocked it, i killed church!
TUCKER:oh, right... keep shooting the jeep then.
DONUT:i hate to be the one to point this out guys, but i think we're screwed.
SIMMONS:yeah. i have to agree with the rookie on this one.
SARGE:(on radio, from plane) blood gulch outpost number one. come in, blood gulch outpost, come in. do you read me? this is sargeant-
GRIF:oh my god, sarge, is that you?
SARGE:roger that, private. i am currently in-bound to your position from command.
SIMMONS:sir, this is simmons.
SARGE:hello simmons. i hope everything's gone alright while i've been gone.
GRIF:actually sir, things are kind of hectic right now. the new rookie arrived, and somehow he managed to infiltrate the blue base, and now we have their flag, the warthog is damaged, one of their guys is dead, and there's this huge fucking tank about to destroy our base.
SARGE:(radio sounds) ... (more radio sounds) ... am i talkin' to the right base?
GRIF:sarge, we, are going, to die here.
SARGE:well then hold tight boys. i think i gotta solution to your little 'tank' problem.
TUCKER:uh oh.
TUCKER:hey caboose, you might wanna get out of the tank. like right now.
CABOOSE:i can't figure out how to get this thing open!
SHEILA:night vision engaged.
TUCKER:rookie, get out now.
CABOOSE:okay, open the duh, okay, i, sheila, will you please open the door?
SHEILA:driver canopy open. (caboose gets out and runs off the tank) thank you for using the m808v main battle ta-
CABOOSE:oh crap, oh crap, oh crap running, running, running. (reaches tucker) man, that was close.
TUCKER:look at your tank though.
SHEILA:i'm scared dave. will i dream? daisy... daaaaiisyyyyyy...
CABOOSE:sheeeeiilaaaaa! noooooo!
TUCKER:what? no! sheila! sheila! wait... who's sheila?
CABOOSE:sheila's the lady in the tank. she was my friend...
TUCKER:oh, dude! i knew you could pick up chicks in a tank!
TUCKER:(on radio) come in blue command. this is blood gulch outpost alpha. do you read me?
CABOOSE:okay, that is the last of it, your armor is clean now.
TUCKER:did you get all the black stuff off?
BLUE COMMAND:this is blue command, come in blood gulch outpost alpha.
TUCKER:hello! command! we need help.
BLUE COMMAND:roger that, blood gulch, what is your request?
TUCKER:i don't know what the technical military term is for it, but uh, we're pretty fucked up down here. we need men!
BLUE COMMAND:...dude, how long have you guys been down there?
TUCKER:no, no no, naw, it- not like that. we need more men to help us.
BLUE COMMAND:roger that. did you get the tank we sent?
TUCKER:yeah, that got blown up too.
BLUE COMMAND:wow. sucks to be you.
TUCKER:yeah, we know.
BLUE COMMAND:okay, here's what i can do. the nearest blue forces can be there in sixteen days, or i-
TUCKER:sixteen days!? that's almost two weeks!
BLUE COMMAND:or i can hire a nearby freelancer and get him there within a few hours.
CABOOSE:i like the 'in an hour' one.
TUCKER:yeah, me too. roger that command, we prefer the quicker solution.
BLUE COMMAND:10-4 blood gulch, we will contact freelancer tex, and have him there post-haste. command out.
TUCKER:whoever he is, make sure he can fix a tank.
CABOOSE:what's a freelancer?
TUCKER:freelancers are independant, they're not red or blue. they're just guns for hire, who'll fight for whoever has the most money.
CABOOSE:like a mercenary.
TUCKER:right. or like your mom, when the rent's due.
CABOOSE:...oh, that's funny.
TUCKER:yeah, you didn't think that was too obvious?
CABOOSE:no no, no no, that was, that was good.
GHOSTLY WHITE ARMOR:(spooky voice) tucker... tuuuckerrr...
TUCKER:who the hell are you?
GHOSTLY WHITE ARMOR:(spooky voice) i am the ghost of chuuuurch... and i've come back with a waaarniiing...
CABOOSE:you're not church... church is blue. you're white.
CHURCH:rookie, shut up, man. i'm a freakin' ghost! have you ever seen a blue ghost before?
TUCKER:yeah, that's definitely him.
CHURCH:now i gotta start all over again... (ahem) (spooky voice) tucker... tuuuckerrr... i've come back with a waaarniiing...
TUCKER:is it really necessary to do the voice?
CABOOSE:yeah, it's kinda annoying.
CHURCH:fine. okay, here's the deal. i've come back from the dead to give you a warning about tex. don't let -
CABOOSE:what's the warning?
CHURCH:shut up for one second, and i'll tell you.
CABOOSE:oh, sorry.
CHURCH:seriously, man, i mean, i'm coming back from the great beyond here. you think this is easy? it's not. it's not like i just, you know just pop in and out whenever i feel like it, it takes a lot of concentration.
CABOOSE:sorry.
CHURCH:i mean, it's bad enough that you killed me to begin with, but now i come back and i can't even get a word in edgewise, man. ... (exhales) okay. here's the deal.
CABOOSE:is this the warning?
CHURCH:alright, that's it, i swear to god, caboose, your ass is haunted. when we're done here, i'm gonna haunt you.
TUCKER:yeah, you're even starting to bug me.
CHURCH:okay, tucker. you remember that i told you i was stationed on sidewinder before they transfered me here to blood gulch, right?
TUCKER:no.
CABOOSE:sidewinder, isn't that the ice planet?
CHURCH:yes.
CABOOSE:cool, what was that like?
CHURCH:um... it was cold.
CABOOSE:that's it? just cold?
CHURCH:what do you want from me, a poem? it's a planet made entirely out of ice. it's really, fuckin', cold.
TUCKER:would you just let him talk?
CHURCH:alright, well, one day when i was there, everything was just like normal. i remember, i was out on patrol with my partner jimmy. that jimmy was a real good kid, everybody liked him.
TUCKER:do you think i was a good kid church?
CHURCH:tucker, don't get jealous man, just listen to the story, okay? like i said, guys were hanging around, waitin' for some action, bitching about the cold...
BLUE GUY 1:man, it's fucking cold.
BLUE GUY 2:i hope we get some action.
CHURCH:anyway, jimmy was in the middle of telling me all about this girlfriend he had back home.
JIMMY:yep, soon as i get back, i'm gonna get down on one knee and ask her to marry me.
CHURCH:and that's when tex showed up.
CHURCH:private mickey was the first to go. he was halfway across the base when all of a sudden he just started screaming bloody murder.
MICKEY:(turning around firing at the ground) bloody murder! bloody murder!
CHURCH:the whole thing was over before it even started.
CHURCH:poor jimmy was the last one to go. tex walked up to him, pulled jimmy's skull right out of his head and beat him to death with it.
TUCKER:wait a second... how do you beat someone to death with their own skull? that doesn't seem physically possible.
CHURCH:that's exactly what jimmy kept screaming.
JIMMY:this doesn't seem physically possible! (dies) eeeeggh, blehhhhh.
CHURCH:bottom line is: these freelancers, they're bad news, and tex is one of the worst.
CABOOSE:if he's such a badass, why didn't he kill you?
CHURCH:to tell you i don't know why i'm not dead. could've killed me at any point. but maybe it's because tex and i have run in to each other once before.
TUCKER:where?
CHURCH:you uh, you remember that girl i told you about back home? well, let's just say that tex is the real reason why we never got married. guys, i'm fading fast and i don't know when i'll be back. just listen to my warning: don't let tex get involved here.
TUCKER:okay.
CHURCH:i mean it tucker. no fighting, no scouting, nothing. you'll regret it (fades out)
TUCKER:so, tex and church were after the same girl.
CABOOSE:i told you his girlfriend was a slut.
GRIF:and then i thought, you know, we could sneak around the side while they were hiding behind the rock, but uh, well that's when the tank showed up and, shit just started blowin' up. i don't know.
SARGE:(exhales) grif, do you have any godly idea how much this piece of equipment costs?
GRIF:ah, i don't know, what like uh, ten, ten twenty, twenty-five bucks, maybe? uh, yeu, you're gonna kill me now, aren't you.
SARGE:tell you what, grif, i'm a fair man. i'll give you a ten second head start here before i let lopez do anything he wants to ya.
GRIF:guys, i just want you to know. i'm really, really sorry here, and
SARGE:five mississippi. six mississippi.
GRIF:(backing away) okay uh, i guess i better get going then.
GRIF:hey guys, that's not funny. somebody could get hurt here.
TUCKER:that's basically it sir, they have five guys over there and a big jeep.
TEX:(reloading) and your flag.
TUCKER:right, that too.
TUCKER:uh, hey, tex? i don't know what it's been like at your other bases, but we try not to use other soldiers as target practice here.
CABOOSE:i'm scared.
TUCKER:so, you've got the special forces black armor, i see. were you in the special forces at some point?
TEX:(playing with a gun)
TUCKER:yeah, i used to have black armor too. it was black because i got this stuff all over it from th-
TUCKER:oh, okay, you gotta go? i'll see you later.
CABOOSE:(whispering) i don't think he likes you.
TUCKER:thanks.
TUCKER:where are you going?
TEX:red base. kill everybody. get the flag back.
CABOOSE:uh... okay! we'll just stay here and guard the trans... porter...
GRIF:so, sarge thought my strategy had merit, but was poorly executed, probably because somebody didn't believe in it.
SIMMONS:bullshit. he told me he thought you were a retarded monkey, and he's gonna suspend your weapon privileges.
DONUT:hey since i captured the flag, d'you think they'll give me my own color armor now?
SIMMONS:what do you mean 'captured'? you thought you were buying it at the store, you idiot.
DONUT:still, you think there's a shot?
SIMMONS:maybe they'll give you grif's armor, since he destroyed the warthog.
GRIF:hyeah, heh-wait... you don't... you don't think they'd do that, do you?
SARGE:try connectin' that hose to that metal thingie over there. i think that's what's makin' that rattle.
SARGE:ah think i'll let you do it.
SARGE:what the... what was that?
GRIF:simmons, what's going on? what's over there?
SIMMONS:(looking over the edge of the base) i thought i saw something for a second.
GRIF:hey rookie, tuck the flag somewhere safe until we can figure out what's goin' on.
DONUT:good idea. i was sick of carrying this thing anyway. (dumps the flag in the middle of the base)
SIMMONS:did you hear that?
GRIF:yeah.
DONUT:(whispering) hey! what's going on?
GRIF:what the fuck?
DONUT:what?
SIMMONS:(turns around) what is that thing?
DONUT:what thing?
GRIF:there's something on your head...
DONUT:what, is it a spider? get it off!
SIMMONS:no, it's not a spider, it's, like a... blue thing.
DONUT:what, like a blue spider? get it off!
GRIF:it's not a spider, calm down. it's some kinda, fuzzy pulsating thing.
DONUT:that doesn't sound much better than a spider.
SIMMONS:does it hurt?
DONUT:no...
SIMMONS:maybe we should try to take it off.
GRIF:good idea. go for it.
SIMMONS:me? by "we" i meant "you." asshole.
DONUT:well somebody needs to get it off. look, it might be dangerous.
GRIF AND  SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
GRIF:son... where'd he go?
GRIF:don't kill me, i'm too good looking to die!
GRIF:(in distance) son... where'd he go? don't kill me, i'm too good looking to die!
CABOOSE:man... he is really kicking their asses.
TUCKER:how come i never get the fucking sniper rifle?
CABOOSE:(lowers the rifle) i'm really glad tex is on our team and not theirs.
TUCKER:sure makes things a lot easier on us.
CABOOSE:yeah. i think switching tex for church was a good trade.
TUCKER:it definitely seems like your killing church is starting to work out for us.
CABOOSE:ya know ya think so? you know, i was gonna say something but uh, well you know, uh... nuh...
TUCKER:did tex get in the base?
CABOOSE:(raises the rifle, sees tex enter the base) yeah.
FREAKY GAME VOICE:blue team, flag returned.
TUCKER:what the... who said that?
CHURCH:(clears throat) sorry, that was me. i uh, i guess i had something stuck in my throat. your flag is back, by the way.
CABOOSE:hey... it's church.
CHURCH:yeah, it's me. hey caboose.
CABOOSE:hey church, what're you up to?
CHURCH:caboose, ah-huh-huh, i'm not really here to make small-talk, okay? how'd you guys manage to get your flag back?
TUCKER:wh, what? oh, th, that flag? we've always had that.
CHURCH:tucker, who do you think you're trying to fool? hey wait a second... where's tex?
TUCKER:i'm not really sure, he said he was gonna go to the store, something about uh, elbow grease.
CHURCH:oh great. this is so typical! what was the one thing i told you guys the last time i appeared?
CABOOSE:that sidewinder is cold!?
CHURCH:nuhhhh, what was the other one thing i told you?
TUCKER:not to let him get involved?
CHURCH:right. and what did you do?
TUCKER:we let him get involved.
CHURCH:and not just a little involved, how involved?
CABOOSE:very, very involved.
SARGE:(emerging from the left) freeze.
SARGE:drop your weapon.
TEX:(drops the gun) hey buddy.
SARGE:what.
TEX:you really better hope the first one knocks me out.
GRIF:ow, what the... my freakin' head. jesus.
SIMMONS:(stands up from tending to donut) he's hurt, grif. he'll make it, but we need to get him some help fast.
GRIF:yeah, yeah hold on one second. what happened here? w- first donut's head exploded, and then you fainted, and then some black thing showed up and started-
SIMMONS:whoa, whoa, whoa, wait. i did not faint, something knocked me out.
GRIF:okay fine, keep lying to yourself. whatever helps you sleep at night.
SIMMONS:man, just go find sarge, we need to get donut outta here.
GRIF:yeah sure, oh, and uh, i'm fine by the way, thanks for asking. (runs down the ramp)
SIMMONS:whatever, noone likes you anyway.
CABOOSE:yep, he's definitely captured... or dead... captured or dead. ...(inhales sharply) or captured and dead!
CHURCH:oh, well that's just perfect!
TUCKER:what? what is your problem? why do you even care if he's captured, i thought you hated that guy anyway, for stealing your girlfriend?
CHURCH:i never said i hated tex. i just said that she was the reason why we never got married.
CABOOSE:she?
SIMMONS:sarge, we need to get donut air-lifted outta here.
SARGE:could you put that in a memo, and entitle it "shit i already know!" get on the horn with command! well, look who's up. rise 'n' shine, buttercup.
TEX:(now sounding like a girl) oh great... you broke my voice filter. you cock biting fucktards!
GRIF:ah-ha! i knew it! only a chick could give me a headache this big!
TEX:...what's the matter, you never seen a girl before? how long have you guys been out here?
TUCKER:let me get this straight... you're telling me that the guy that showed up here, scared the living shit out of us, shot at caboose and beat the hell out of the reds wasn't a guy at all? that he was a chick? and on top of that, she was your ex-girlfriend?
CHURCH:in a nutshell, yes. that's an excellent summary.
CABOOSE:i should have known... she didn't like me... girls, never, like me.
TUCKER:caboose, i don't think anybody likes you.
CABOOSE:i like me...
TUCKER:i don't think i've seen a girl that mean before. are you sure she's a chick? and not a guy? or like, part guy part shark?
CHURCH:i'm pretty sure i'd know if tex was a guy. and i'm definitely sure i would know if she was part shark.
CABOOSE:way, oh, wait oh wait. if she's a girl, then why is she named tex?
CHURCH:uh... because she's from texas.
CABOOSE:...
CHURCH:trust me, it makes sense. and you can't blame her for being so aggressive. it's not entirely her fault to begin with.
TUCKER:right. you should blame god. first he makes hangovers, and now, half women, half sharks that won't even sleep with me. thanks for nothing, god!
CHURCH:will you shut up with that? she got recruited in to some kind of weird experimental program back during basic where, they infused her armor with this really aggressive a.i. i'm not really sure how it all works, but all i know is it made her meaner and tougher than hell.
CABOOSE:a.i... what's the a stand for?
CHURCH:artificial.
CABOOSE:...what's the i-
CHURCH:intelligence.
CABOOSE:ooohhhhhhhhh what was the a again?
CHURCH:let's move on.
TUCKER:so, the military put this program in her head, and that program made her a killer. but underneath it all she's really just a sweet, down-home girl?
CHURCH:oh hell no. she's always been a rotten bitch, it's just now she's a rotten bitch with cybernetic enhancements.
TUCKER:wow. sounds like you really won the lottery with that one. good catch there buddy, she's a keeper.
CHURCH:so how're you doing, caboose? are you following any of this whatsoever?
CABOOSE:i think so... that guy tex is really a robot, and you're his boyfriend. so that makes you... a gay robot.
CHURCH:yeah... that's right... i'm a gay robot.
GRIF:so, you're a girl, huh?
TEX:...
SIMMONS:just ignore him, that's what i do.
GRIF:not so tough now that we unloaded your weapon, are ya...
TEX:hey punk, i don't need a weapon to kill you.
GRIF:yeah, right. what're you gonna do, punch me?
GRIF:aaah, not the face!
CHURCH:well don't worry, because i have a great plan for how we're gonna rescue tex.
TUCKER:a plan? oh, man, i hate plans. that means we're gonna have to do stuff. can't we just have a strategy, or ...mission statement?
CHURCH:i just need you guys to run a distraction, while i spring tex.
CABOOSE:distraction? heh. that sounds a lot like "decoy."
CHURCH:the way i see it, the reds have absolutely no idea how many freelancers we have out here. so all i need from the two of you, is to run around in the middle of the canyon, wearing black armor, while i sneak in the back of the base.
TUCKER:sounds good. but church, where the hell are we gonna get two suits of black armor?
TUCKER:...oh fuckberries...
CHURCH:are you okay, tucker?
TUCKER:yeah, i'm fine. (turns to the base) come on caboose!
CABOOSE:(back in the base) does it hurt?!
TUCKER:no, not at all!
CABOOSE:okay! here i come!
CHURCH:does it hurt for real?
TUCKER:oho, yeah. big time.
CABOOSE:(emerging from the teleporter) owwchie. (turns to tucker) you lied to me.
SARGE:ah, dammit. lopez. c'm'ere. do you see something out there?
SIMMONS:there's no l in it, it's pronounced both.
GRIF:that's what i'm saying. bolth.
SIMMONS:both.
GRIF:you sound like such an ass the way you say it.
SARGE:grif! quit your yammering and get your kicker up here. need some help. got more of them special ops fellas headed toward the base.
GRIF:as in... more than one? uh, maybe we should both go, sir.
SIMMONS:both.
GRIF:seriously man, like an ass.
SARGE:well, well. another brilliant idea from the thinktank. why don't you both come up. leave the prisoner alone. we could just put her on the honor system, have her guard herself.
GRIF:good point sir.
SARGE:you're god damn right it is! now get your ass up here, we got just enough time for me to spraypaint the bullseye on your back... ah, by bullseye i of course mean camouflage. now move it, cupcake.
GRIF:yeah... i'll be right up.
CHURCH:hey tucker, come in man, are you there? this is church, it's working. the orange one is coming out of the base. i repeat, the orange one is coming out of the base.
TUCKER:roger that.
CABOOSE:oh, oh oh oh, tucker, tucker tucker. is that, is that church?
CHURCH:okay, now just keep moving around outside of the base, and draw their attention.
CABOOSE:(over top of church, drowning him out) tell him, that i... i said... for me to say hi?
TUCKER:whoa wait wait, hey. what? i missed that, caboose was talking to me. shut up man, i'm on the radio.
CHURCH:i said, just keep movin-
TUCKER:i'm not yelling, i'm just telling you to let me finish talking to church. ...no, i'll tell him you said 'hi' later. no you can't talk to him. how could you possibly talk to him on my headset?
CHURCH:oh my god. i can't believe i actually died for this war.
GRIF:i don't see any... (sees caboose running across the gulch) uh uh, yep, there's one. (caboose stops next to a rock and stares at it) why is he just standing there?
TUCKER:caboose, get behind the rock. they can still see you.
CABOOSE:they can't see me. i can't see them!
TUCKER:that's because you're facing the rock.
CABOOSE:(looks at the base) oh. right. (ducks behind the rock)
TUCKER:real smooth, dipshit.
SARGE:they're definitely special ops. i ain't seen troop movements this coordinated since my days on sidewi- (church enters sarge's body) geekagerger!
GRIF:sir, are you okay?
CHURCH AS SARGE:uh, who you talking to, red, me?
GRIF:no. i'm talking to lopez. because, you know, that's real rewarding.
GRIF:hey, what'd i tell you about that?
CHURCH:oh, uh i, i'm fine, that's... i'm just so mad about, these uh, god damn blues out here. 'tslike i'm so god damn mad, i could spit! (horks one up and spits on his visor)
GRIF:...um, sir? did you just spit inside your own helmet?
CHURCH:uh, yeah. i guess i did.
GRIF:permission to speak freely, sir?
CHURCH:go ahead.
GRIF:that's really fucking gross.
CABOOSE:hey tucker?
TUCKER:what?
CABOOSE:i'm having a really good time... with... you.
TUCKER:that's great, caboose.
CABOOSE:yeah, it's like we're real soldiers.
TUCKER:would you please go hide behind another rock?
CHURCH:hey man. what's up yo?
SIMMONS:uh... hey... what's going on out there sir?
CHURCH:what's uh, why, nothin'. why would you ask if something's wrong?
SIMMONS:i think that's a perfectly normal question in a time of war.
CHURCH:yeah well, i don't know. you're starting to act kinda suspicious there, ...other red guy. so i'm keeping my eye on you.
SIMMONS:(turning around to face tex) sarge, i'm starting to think that-
SIMMONS:ow, geez, the back of my head!
TEX:what the hell are you doing!?
CHURCH:tex! it's me, church! i've come to rescue you.
TEX:you're kind of short to be church.
CHURCH:what? oh yeah, right. the armor.
SARGE:harurgh! what in sam hell? where the- who spit on my visor?
CHURCH AS GHOST:tex, there's not much time to explain, so i'm just gonna give you the summary here, okay? i'm a spirit now, and i'm trapped in the physical world. i possessed this red guy, so that i could sneak in to the base and rescue you, while the rest of our guys run around out in the middle of the canyon, dressed in black armor, that they got from going through the teleporter.
TEX:...okay.
CHURCH:what... that's it? okay? you're not surprised by any of this?
TEX:no, it pretty much all makes sense.
CHURCH:not even the whole "church is a ghost" thing? that didn't do anything for ya?
TEX:i can see right through you, it's pretty obvious...
CHURCH:okay, well, let me hop back in this guy and we'll get outta here.
SARGE:(as church re-enters him) harurghk!
TUCKER:what're you doing?
CABOOSE:one of the reds has tex. i'm going to shoot him, and kill him, and free tex. then church will forgive me for killing him, and we will be friends.
TUCKER:oh, come on, you don't actually believe any of that, do you?
CABOOSE:(training on sarge's (church's) head) ohhh, we're gonna be best friends.
CHURCH:alright, i'll make one more distraction, then you run up to the teleporter, and escape. ready? one... two... three!
CHURCH AS GHOST:what the? where did my body go? oh, you've gotta be kidding me!
CABOOSE:tucker did it!
SARGE:(echoing) hello? hello? i said hello? halo. is anybody out here?
CHURCH:holy cow, would you stop yelling? i'm here.
SARGE:what is this place?
CHURCH:well, that's... kinda hard to explain. uhm... you were shot in the head, buddy. so, here you are.
SARGE:am i dead?
CHURCH:are you dead, well, yeah, that's how i ended up here.
SARGE:are you some kinda angel?
CHURCH:aheh heh heh ham i an angel. uh, (clears throat) yeah, actually, i am, i'm an angel. um, do you wanna go to heaven? 'cause it's, like, ten bucks to get in.
SARGE:well i uh, i didn't really bring any, i mean, my wallet's back in the car.
CHURCH:hey you don't have it there, huh? well uh, that's too bad. pretty crappy reason to be damned to hell for an eternity.
SARGE:i don't remember dyin'
CHURCH:yeah, that's my fault too. i was... sort of possessing your body at the time that you were shot. sorry about that.
SARGE:hold on a second, that ain't fair.
CHURCH:not fair? yeah, join the fricking club. i got shot by my own tank.
SHEILA:target locked.
CHURCH:oh ha ha, very funny sheila. shut up. you know i still haven't forgiven you. i didn't say you could talk to me yet. go there and get, go, get, go for the base. shoo, shoo!
GRIF:sarge! don't you give up on me soldier, do you hear me? i'm ordering you!
SARGE:who is that? who's there?
CHURCH:looks like your guys are trying to save you.
GRIF:(hitting sarge in the chest with the butt end of his gun) you gotta breathe, man! you gotta pull through! come on, sarge!
SARGE:that is not the way you were trained to do that, private!
CHURCH:he can't hear you.
SIMMONS:grif, this isn't working. we have to try something else.
CHURCH:if he gives you mouth to mouth, i'm leaving.
SIMMONS:...maybe you should give him mouth to mouth.
CHURCH:i'm leaving.
SARGE:i can't believe how hard they're trying to save me.
CHURCH:why wouldn't they? i mean, my team didn't, but, why wouldn't yours?
SARGE:i thought they didn't like me.
CHURCH:aw, don't sell yourself short. i don't even know ya, and here i am about to guide you to heaven for only five bucks.
SARGE:hold on, if you're an angel, how come you ain't got no wings?
CHURCH:because nobody rang a bell, ah heh heh heh. seriously, do you have the money or don't you?
SARGE:oh i feel the worst about grif. i always made fun of him. i never even told him, he was my son.
CHURCH:no way, the orange guy is your son?
SARGE:naw, i just wanted to screw with him one last time. but now i'll never get that chance.
GRIF:he's breathing! we saved sarge!
SARGE:i'm what?
CHURCH:he's what?
SARGE:well i'll be a monkey's... they saved me.
CHURCH:what? no, come back! we need to even the sides!
SARGE:thanks for your help, wingless angel fella! will i remember any of this?
CHURCH:yes, but only if you give me two dollars!
SARGE:(clears throat) there. what... what happened here?
SIMMONS:sir, you got shot in the head, so we gave you cpr and saved you, sir.
SARGE:i always believed in you, simmons.
SIMMONS:uh, actually, it's grif you should thank sir. he did all the work.
SARGE:grif?
SIMMONS:yes sir.
SARGE:grif, why in hell would you give somebody cpr for a bullet wound in the head!? that doesn't make a lick of sense.
GRIF:(sighs) you're welcome, sir.
SARGE:i mean it's all so damn inconsistent. what would you do if they stabbed me in the toe, rub my neck with aloe vera? hey there grif! i think i feel an aneurism comin' on. could you help me out with one of them therapeutic massages? use your fingers, not your knuckles. that there, that's good. lower back. yeah, i can feel that working already. don't be afraid to go too low. ... oh yeah, shee-atsu.
DONUT:dude, this is sweet! command was so happy that i got the blue flag, they gave me my own color armor!
GRIF:uh... hey donut?
DONUT:what?
SIMMONS:um, about your armor...
DONUT:what about it?
SIMMONS:how do i put this... your armor is, um... it's a little, um... grif, uh, you wanna help me out here?
GRIF:it's pink. your armor is fricking pink!
SIMMONS:yeah, that's it. pink.
DONUT:pink, my armor's not pink.
GRIF:pink.
SIMMONS:yeah, definitely pink.
DONUT:you guys are colorblind. why would they give me pink armor?
GRIF:hey, donask, dontell.
SIMMONS:(over grif's laughter) heh, that's not funny.
GRIF:(laughs a little more) it's a little funny.
DONUT:look at it, it's not pink. it's like uh... a lightish red.
GRIF:guess what: they already have a color for lightish red. you know what it's called? pink.
DONUT:i hate you guys.
SARGE:(running up the ramp with lopez in tow) well hello, dirtbags. ...and a fine hello to you, madam.
DONUT:it's light red.
SARGE:don't get your panties in a wad there, barbie. do you have a package for me?
DONUT:yessir.
SARGE:excellent.
DONUT:(holding up a mechanical unit) they said this speech unit should work with lopez.
GRIF:speech unit?
DONUT:(handing the unit over to sarge) here you go.
SARGE:affirmative. command was fresh out of speech modules when i first started building lopez, but once i get this baby installed, i'll finally have someone intelligent to talk to. ...no offense, simmons.
SIMMONS:oh, don't worry, i know who you meant sir.
GRIF:wait a second, lopez is a robot?
SIMMONS:of course he is. you didn't notice that he never talks?
GRIF:i just thought he was a really quiet guy.
SARGE:and the fact that he sleeps standing up and drinks motor oil didn't get your attention.
GRIF:well i, i did think the motor oil thing was a bit odd... uh, i just thought he was trying to impress me.
SIMMONS:hey, sir. you really should ground yourself before handling that card.
SARGE:how come?
SIMMONS:because static could damage the card.
SARGE:come on. that's an urban legend they use to sell those stupid bracelets. and i suppose pop rocks and soda's gonna make my stomach blow up! (a visible electric surge as he inserts the card in lopez) yow!
SIMMONS:sir. i won't say i told you so, sir.
SARGE:good. i'd hate to make strawberry shortcake here my new favorite private.
DONUT:it's not pink, it's lightish red!
CABOOSE:(exhales) ah, man, uh, you know, this stuff does not come off easy?
TUCKER:yeah, this was a lot easier when we were cleaning just my armor.
CABOOSE:yeah, i know that, that's i think because you know uh, you didn't do anything.
TUCKER:i'm sorry, what? it's kind of hard to hear you over the sound of your constant team-killing.
CABOOSE:ah, ah, aaahhhh ha ha ha ha ah yeah, ah yeah aha, ahhhhhhhhhhhhh... don't make me mad.
DONUT:so, what happened to me anyway? i recall something about a spider on my head?
GRIF:right. that was a grenade.
DONUT:and the last thing i remember, is a loud bang, and then simmons fainting...
GRIF:ha! told you so!
SIMMONS:i did not faint.
SARGE:done and done. lopez. activate speech unit!
LOPEZ:buenos das. y la gracias da por activar mi funcin del discurso. soy el nmero de modelo cero uno cero uno uno tres cuatro ocho ocho dos tres. me llamo es lopez.
DONUT:(over the last five numbers) am i the only one not understanding any of this?
LOPEZ:me llamo es lopez.
GRIF:lopez, he just said lopez! i understood that. i can speak spanish!
SARGE:lopez. speak, english.
LOPEZ:mi procesador ingls tiene malfunctioned. s habla solamente espaol.
SIMMONS:huh, i think you shorted out his speech unit with that static, sir.
SARGE:maybe princess peach here picked up the wrong model.
DONUT:seriously dude. for the last time. not pink.
SARGE:lopez. i order you to speak a language we understand.
LOPEZ:negativo.
SARGE:well this is just dandy. lopez. how, do, we, fix, your, speech, u, -nit?
GRIF:why are you talking so slow? he understands us just fine. maybe you should try listening slower.
SARGE:lopez, would you like to shoot grif?
LOPEZ:(raising his gun) s seor. gracias.
GRIF:no, stop! uh, alto, alto!
SIMMONS:alto means tall, you dumbass.
GRIF:then why do they put it on stop signs?
TEX:as far as i'm concerned, i'm square with you.
CHURCH:i saved you from a life of imprisonment. how the hell are you square with me?
TEX:because i didn't kill you back at sidewinder.
CHURCH:you know, i don't really see how not killing somebody is the same thing as doing them a favor.
TEX:well, if you don't appreciate it, i could just kill you right now.
CHURCH:(before caboose and tucker can turn to him) no you can't, i'm already dead, bitch! i guess the joke's on you!
CABOOSE:stop it! stop fighting. can't you see that you're tearing us apart? what about us?
TEX:what about you?
CABOOSE:we helped you too. and what do we get? nothing!
TEX:well yeah, but...
CHURCH:yeah, but nothin'. he's got a point.
TEX:i did help them get the flag back.
TUCKER:yeah, but you were paid to do that. we rescued you as a favor. we could have just let you rot in the red army prison, it wouldn't have made any difference to us.
TEX:fine, i'll stay here as long as it takes to help you guys win this thing. as soon as i have, i'm outta here. what do you need me to do?
TUCKER:i have no idea. if you knew how to fix a tank, i would have you do that.
TEX:...okay.
CABOOSE:wait, you know how to fix sheila? ...i love you.
LOPEZ:entonces la dcias "tu nos pesos ms, yo peso ms." entonces pusieron los de nuestros cuerpos sobre la escala y fue determinado quin tena el peso ms grande. despus de eso me llamaran lopez la pesado.
GRIF:man. first he doesn't talk at all, and now we can't get him to shut up. what's he saying?
SIMMONS:what're you asking me for?
GRIF:well you know, because you're of uh, a latino persuasion.
SIMMONS:simmons isn't a spanish name, you dumbass. i'm dutch irish.
GRIF:but i thought-
SIMMONS:what.
GRIF:eh, never mind.
DONUT:...i'm from iowa.
GRIF AND  SIMMONS:nobody cares!
CHURCH:okay, take it easy guys, when i was over at the red base, i saw that they've already got their jeep fixed. so whatever you do, don't let 'em see us before we get sheila back online.
CABOOSE:okay, okay. even if we get sheila fixed, how are we going to turn her over, i mean it's not as if we could just lift!
CABOOSE:oh. she is a very strong lady.
CHURCH:i'm the one that's the least visible, so i'm gonna head up here to higher ground, i'll keep an eye on the red base. if i see anything, i'll let you know.
CABOOSE:great, i'll come with you!
CHURCH:that kinda defeats the purpose, caboose.
CABOOSE:okay. what if i'm really... (quieter) really... (whispering) quiet?
CHURCH:do you even understand what the term 'visibility' means?
CABOOSE:ah hah hah, uhh.... good one church.
CHURCH:seriously. you don't know what it means, do you.
CABOOSE:uh no.
CHURCH:caboose, just stay here man, and try not to swallow your tongue or anything like that.
TUCKER:just watch the red base, and tell us if you see any movement.
TUCKER:so, i suppose if you're helping us, you're not as mean as i thought.
TEX:i wouldn't say i'm mean, i just get hired to do mean things.
TUCKER:yeah, but you like it.
TEX:well i think it's important to enjoy what you do.
TUCKER:so let's say i payed you to kill caboose. you would still do it, right? even though you're supposed to be helping us?
TEX:is this a hypothetical discussion, or should we start talking numbers?
TUCKER:yeah, i don't wanna talk about this any more.
CHURCH:hey tucker!
TUCKER:what!?
CHURCH:what the hell is my body still doing up here?
TUCKER:that's part of being dead, church. your body doesn't really move around much any more. maybe you haven't fully grasped the concept yet.
CHURCH:alright, well let me rephrase that then. why in the hell haven't you buried my body yet?
TUCKER:buried? with what? all we have are pistols and rifles. what do you want me to do, shoot you a grave?
CHURCH:well then how about shipping me back home. you know, let the loved ones pay a little respect.
TUCKER:well church, here's your girlfriend. tex, as one of church's loved ones, would you like to pay your respects?
TUCKER:that was a stirring eulogy. rest in peace, good buddy!
CHURCH:i am not happy about this.
CABOOSE:i have an idea. ... ...i have an idea!
TUCKER:yeah, we heard you the first time, caboose, we were just ignoring you.
CABOOSE:since you possessed that red guy, and took control of him, why don't you just possess your own body?
CHURCH:oh i see, so that way i would be living inside of my own dead body.
CABOOSE:yes.
CHURCH:unable to move, just, laying there, rotting in the sun for all eternity.
CABOOSE:yes.
CHURCH:okay caboose, i'll be sure to get right on that.
CABOOSE:i think you are a mean ghost.
TUCKER:dude, you really stink.
CHURCH:what?
TUCKER:your body, it stinks.
CHURCH:tucker, the first chance we get, you are going to bury my body.
TUCKER:quit your bitching, nothing's going to happen to it.
CHURCH:it's a freaking indignity! my body fought hard for this army, and it deserves to be laid to rest.
TUCKER:get over it, you're already dead. what's the worst that could happen now?
CABOOSE:hey, church, look, birds! why are they flying around in circles?
CHURCH:nuh, god.
GRIF:okay, i'll go again. i spy something, that begins with...
SIMMONS:dirt.
GRIF:damn! how did you-
SIMMONS:well, because you did rock last time. that's all that's out here, is rock and dirt.
GRIF:yeah, this canyon sucks.
CHURCH:how long do you figure until tex fixes the tank?
TUCKER:not much longer, she said it's going pretty well. the gun's almost working, and then she'll get it moving again.
CHURCH:oh, that's just fantastic.
TUCKER:why would that upset you?
CHURCH:because as soon as she gets the tank online, she's gonna use it against the reds, and they're all gonna die.
TUCKER:the reds dying is a good thing.
CHURCH:no tucker, it's not a good thing. as soon as we beat the reds, tex is outta here. and i still haven't figured out a way to get that a.i. out of her head.
CABOOSE:a.i.
CHURCH:shut up, caboose. and if i don't get it out before she leaves...
TUCKER:if she leaves you won't ever find her again.
CHURCH:right.
TUCKER:so what're you gonna do?
CHURCH:i guess i'm gonna do the only thing that i can do. i have to warn the reds before she fixes the tank.
TUCKER:you're switching sides?
CHURCH:sorry guys. i don't have much choice.
CABOOSE:church, uh, wha, what happens when the reds out here, to stop tex, and then they come also with guns and they find us?
CHURCH:i'll try to help you as best i can. good luck guys.
CABOOSE:does this mean i should try to kill church now?
TUCKER:i tell you what. kill me. i promise not to come back.
CABOOSE:hey! look at this! (focusing on donut)
TUCKER:no.
CABOOSE:they have, a girl. they have a girl!
TUCKER:a what?
CABOOSE:a girl, a girl! look, pink armor!
TUCKER:oh man, how come they get a girl?
TEX:(from below them) uh, you guys realize that i'm a chick, right? and that i'm standin' right here?
TUCKER:yeah tex, but when we say a girl, we mean a girl girl.
TEX:and what the hell does that mean?
CABOOSE AND  TUCKER:nothing! (backing up from the edge of their ledge)
TUCKER:wait a second. if tex heard that, do you think she heard church's secret plan to warn the reds about her?
CABOOSE:i don't know... but i think i know how to find out.
CABOOSE:hey... tex! uh... did you hear church's secret plan to tell the reds that you were fixing the tank?
CABOOSE:i don't think she knows. ...unless she can read minds... she can't read minds, can she? ...can you hear what i'm thinking?
SIMMONS:hey.
GRIF:yeah?
SIMMONS:you ever wonder why we're here?
GRIF:no. i never, ever wonder why we're here. semper fi, bitch.
LOPEZ:keegakergerk!
SIMMONS:what? what's wrong with lopez?
GRIF:i don't care.
SIMMONS:hey, lopez, uh... you okay man?
CHURCH AS LOPEZ:aye, muchachos, necesit darle...... un aviso...
CAPTION: guys. i need to give... you a... warning...
CHURCH:qu? por qu estoy el hablar en espaol? yo no puedo hablar espaol!
CAPTION: what? why am i speaking spanish? i don't know spanish!
SIMMONS:um... sure...
CHURCH:no, no, escucha m! la bruja teva a matar!
CAPTION: no, listen to me! the mean woman is going to kill you!
CHURCH:ella est travajando en la tanque!
CAPTION: she is fixing the tank!
TUCKER:aw, crap. caboose, she's almost done fixing sheila. i better radio church and tell him what's going on.
CABOOSE:oh, oh, oh, tucker please, tucker, tucker, tucker, tucker, tucker, please-
TUCKER:yes, you can be the one who radios church.
CABOOSE:thanks man. (turns on radio) calling church. come in church. this is your close, personal friend, private o'malley.
TUCKER:o'malley? you said your name was caboose.
CABOOSE:i never said that, you guys did!
TUCKER:why didn't you correct us?
CABOOSE:because i didn't want to be difficult. (turns on radio... again) come in private church. do you copy. soldier unit tex almost has the armor vehicle situation rectified. okay. we require verification of your... mission...ness. (clears throat) how is your progression?
CHURCH:(over radio) caboose! nadie aqu est escuchando m!
CAPTION: caboose! no one here is listening to me!
CHURCH:no mas puedo hablar espaol!
CAPTION: i can only speak spanish for some reason!
CABOOSE:...he says he wants to talk to you.
SHEILA:thank you for activating the m808v main battle tank.
TUCKER:oh shit. we got trouble.
CHURCH:un tanque... grrrande.
GRIF:hey. i think if you're gonna live in this country, you should speak the language.
SHEILA:(distant in the background) target locked.
SIMMONS:what country? we're on an alien planet.
GRIF:what're you, a communist?
GRIF:son of a bitch!
SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
CHURCH:madre de dios!
CAPTION: son of a bitch!
TUCKER:okay, i'm getting really sick of asking people what's going on through that sniper rifle.
CABOOSE:church is getting mad at us.
TUCKER:ohhhhh. well that's a nice change of pace.
SARGE:simmons. i'm coming around in the warthog. get ready to take the gunner position when i come by.
SIMMONS:roger that.
GRIF:i'll uh... i'll stay here.
SIMMONS:yeah. stay here, and guard this cement ramp. it's vital to our success.
SIMMONS:alright, i'm on board.
SARGE:alright, here's the plan-
SARGE:junebug!
GRIF:wow, back so soon? you guys win the war already?
SIMMONS:yeah, uh, did you want to finish telling me the plan now, sarge?
SARGE:if we survive this, i'm gonna kill both of ya. slowly.
GRIF:(kneeling down next to simmons) uh, hey simmons? by the way. the ramp is secure.
SHEILA:target locked. (fires)
DONUT:(coming up from inside the base) hey, what're you guys doin' up here!?
GRIF:that chick in the black armor's back!
DONUT:what chick, the one that stuck the grenade to my head?
SIMMONS:that's the one.
DONUT:the same chick whose fault it is that i'm stuck in this light red armor?
GRIF:donut, i understand the need to safeguard your masculinity, but really dude. it's a whole lot faster just to say pink.
DONUT:ohhuw. oh i been waiting for this. (runs up to the edge of the base and yells) hey bitch! remember me!? i saved something for ya!
TUCKER:man, that girl's got a really good arm.
TEX:aw crap!
DONUT:hell yeah! three points, you dirty whore! (dirty whore echoes at least twice in the gulch before the tank finally explodes)
CHURCH:dios mo, no! (runs out of the base toward tex) tejas, tejas!
GRIF:uh... where's lopez going?
SARGE:to fight the enemy, head on, in hand to hand combat. mano e mano. what a brave little compadre. lopez, i never understood a word you said. but i do know one thing. you hated grif, and that's the most important thing there is. adios, amigo... adios.
SIMMONS:shouldn't we help him?
SARGE:naw... that would just ruin the moment.
TEX:church, is that you? it, it's gone, church. the a.i., it's gone. thank you. heeeee, bleah...
TUCKER:crap. church is gonna be pissed, and now he's got a body to kick our ass. come on caboose, let's get back to base.
CABOOSE:i told you, my name isn't caboose... (in a deep voice) my name... is... o'malley...
SIMMONS:hi. i'm private dick simmons, of the popular web-series, red vs. blue.
GRIF:and i'm private dexter grif from the same show.
SIMMONS:but you know what? we're not here to talk to you today as famous actors.
GRIF:that's right dick, we're here to talk to you as friends.
SIMMONS:in our show, red vs. blue, we poke fun at things like the military lifestyle, and weapons of mass destruction.
GRIF:but weapons of mass destruction are no laughing matter. each year, several planets-
SIMMONS:hey!
GRIF:hey!
SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
GRIF:you.. cut it out dick! we're trying to do something!
CHURCH:hey red, you suck blue rules!
GRIF:i see you, oh yeah, i see you up there buddy!
SIMMONS:i'm sure a lot of you have encountered weapons of mass destruction in your daily lives. in fact, you may have some friends who think it's 'cool' to stockpile vx nerve gas. but it's not. they may say "everybody's doing it," but if they told you to jump off a-
SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
CHURCH:almost got you that time, chump!
GRIF:oh, oh that's it. i'm getting my rifle!
SIMMONS:and remember kids, violence is never the answer.
SIMMONS:you ol' cock bite!
CHURCH:hey, i'll bet that one hurt!
CHURCH:hi, how ya doin'. my name is private l.l. church, and i'm one of the actors on the popular web series "red vs. blue."
GRIF:and i'm private dexter grif, from the same show.
CHURCH:but you know what? we are not here today to talk to you as world famous actors, who also happen to be, you know, very good looking.
GRIF:that's right! we're here today, to tell you how to run your life.
CHURCH:you know, a lot of you out there are probably considering getting a tattoo. or, as the young people like to call it, a "tat."
GRIF:or, adding a tattoo to your already impressive collection.
CHURCH:so today we present to you, a very special "point/counterpoint" edition of red vs. blue.
GRIF:should you get, a tattoo.
CHURCH:i think it's quite clear, that you should not get a tattoo. and i can sum up my points in this very elegant, but simple, bulleted list.
CHURCH:number one: tattoos, are permanent.
CHURCH:number two: you are a god damn idiot.
CHURCH:and i'd like to prove this mathematically if i may. take your current age. now subtract ten years from it. were you smart back then? of course you weren't. you were a god damn idiot.
CHURCH:fact of the matter is, you're just as big an idiot today, it's just gonna take you ten more years to realize. now think if you'd drawn a picture on your body ten years ago. would you be happy with it today? chances are, you wouldn't be.
GRIF:unless it was cool, which brings me to my main point. tattoos, are cool, as long as you avoid the following rookie mistakes...
GRIF:...you'll be just fine. the barb wire ring.
GRIF:nothing says 1998 quite like a barb wire ring around your bicep. you'll look like a defensive lineman, and if you get the tattoo, you're probably about as smart as one. the band logo.
GRIF:any band logo. think about it. the only pop star to remain cool for more than ten years was madonna, and you're not fooling anybody by getting a tattoo of her.
CHURCH:right.
GRIF:lastly, and most importantly, are the tribal designs, and the asian character.
GRIF:noone gets it! let's be honest, you don't either. someone had to explain it to you, and you have no idea if they were even telling you the truth. so, avoid these simple pitfalls, and a tattoo can be a wonderful, and rewarding experience. ...except for the pain.
CHURCH:it's at this time that i would like to point out that our friend private grif here has a tattoo on his neck - his neck, in plain sight where anyone can see it, from the movie blade starring wesley snipes, right? it's blade, not blade ii?
GRIF:actually it's ...from the comic book.
CHURCH:yeah, that's great. i'm sure your boyfriend loves it.
GRIF:in closing, be sure to choose wisely when getting a tattoo. don't repeat my mistakes.
CHURCH:right, listen. if i can't stop you from getting a tattoo, at least let me offer a good suggestion for a design. how about this: why not get a tattoo of your favorite character, from your favourite online cartoon?
CHURCH:i meant your other favorite online cartoon.
CHURCH:okay, you know what? screw you. ...i mean seriously, what do i care. get a tattoo of an m16 in the middle of your forehead. that would give sarge a boner.
SIMMONS:hey, guys!
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:uh, this may be a bad time to bring this up...
GRIF:bring what up?
DONUT:yeah, what're you gonna do, confess your love for us?
GRIF:huh ha ha ha, crap!
CHURCH:yeah, almost got you that time, chump!
GRIF:suck it, blue!
CABOOSE:no... uh... you suck it blue?
CHURCH:hey dude, you really need to work on your comebacks.
SIMMONS:uhm, i need to leave.
GRIF:huyeah, i need to go too. war's hell, i need to go home.
SIMMONS:no no no, seriously, i need to go to a conference, back on earth.
DONUT:say what?
GRIF:a conference... i don't think so, nancy. maybe you didn't notice, but we're in the middle of a war here. what kinda conference is gonna get you outta that?
SIMMONS:it's the microsoft pdc.
GRIF:(stops shooting) donut, cease fire. we gotta get simmons outta here.
SIMMONS:i really have to go, they only hold these things once every few years.
DONUT:(stops firing) what're you talking about? you think the blues are gonna stop fighting just 'cause microsoft says so?
CHURCH:what was that?
CABOOSE:i think they said something about microsoft.
CHURCH:hey reds, we're coming out.
DONUT:what the hell is going on here?
SIMMONS:sorry guys, sorry, sorry. i uh, i really thought we'd be done fighting before i had to catch the transport outta here.
CHURCH:ah nah, it's cool, we understand. we were almost outta ammo anyway.
DONUT:son of a bitch, i knew it! this sucks. how can a software company, stop a war?
GRIF:it's called priorities, donut.
DONUT:can't anyone do anything about this?
SARGE:hey you maggots! i don't hear any killing out here! we don't pay you powderpuffs to stand around jawin', we pay you to shoot at each other!
GRIF:uh, we had to call a time-out, sir.
SARGE:a time-out? what is this, freeze tag?
SIMMONS:sir. it's my fault, sir. i have to leave for the microsoft pdc. they recruited me for something called the longhorn squad. i'm going to be a corporal of managed code in the indigo battalion.
SARGE:longhorn...? managed code...? indigo...? well son of a... why didn't you say so? you know, i used to fight for the microsoft forces back in my youth.
SIMMONS:no kidding.
SARGE:no kidding. i was a lieutenant back during the browser wars.
CHURCH:okay, that is just ridiculous.
SARGE:in fact, i was mister steve balmer's personal speech writer. i wrote his keynote for the last developers' conference.
SARGE:get up, get up! developers! yeah, i remember it like it was yesterday. we got in to creative differences over the speech. i wrote it so that he said 'developers' thirty-seven times, but he only wanted to say 'developers' thirty-five times. i told him it just didn't make any sense without those last two developers! that was the hook!
CHURCH:i'm not buying any of this.
SARGE:believe it, fritter. i was on the fast-track until that day, and everything fell apart for me after that. balmer had me demoted, and shipped out here to this damn canyon.
GRIF:where do you think you'd be if you never wrote that speech, sarge?
SARGE:word has it that i was next in line to become one of them little office assistant thingies. but i try not to spend my time thinking about 'what if'...
SARGE:where do you want to go today, dirtbag?
SARGE:where's the conference this year?
SIMMONS:it's in l.a.
CHURCH:sweet. keep your helmet on though. you're gonna want the oxygen.
SARGE:ah, loes angle-ees ain't that bad.
CHURCH:ah, california just hasn't been the same since they banned all forms of carbohydrates.
SIMMONS:at least it'll be in october, so you know, i'll get to enjoy the cool weather, the changing of the leaves...
SARGE:leaves...?
CHURCH:weather...?
CABOOSE:october?
SARGE:(exhales) simmons, you're like an illegitimate son to me.
GRIF:oh boy, here we go.
SARGE:i want you to go to the pdc, and i want you to do what i couldn't do.
SIMMONS:you want me to get a microsoft executive to say 'developers' thirty-five times?
SARGE:no, i want you to get him to say it thirty-seven times! and then i want you to collect a bunch of free giveaway crap, like pens and mousepads, and those little squish-ball things. i love those little ball things. i had one once. can't remember where i got it. it hardly seems important at this stage. ...i sure do like foofy things.
CHURCH:hi. i'm private leonard church, from the popular webseries, red vs. blue.
DONUT:and i'm private franklin delano donut, from the same show.
GRIF:are we gonna introduce ourselves like this every time?
CHURCH:but we're not here today to talk to you as famous actors. that's right. we're here today to talk to you as creative geniuses who are being ripped off by the little man.
GRIF:right, w- wait, what?
CHURCH:as all of you are no doubt aware, red vs. blue is the single most popular thing to ever be on the internet.
GRIF:what about all the news sites?
DONUT:yeah, and the filthy filthy porn.
CHURCH:that's irrelevant. the braintrust here at red vs. blue have identified a disturbing trend. it turns out people have been pirating our very popular webseries, and downloading it on a daily basis.
GRIF:yeah, that's because we make it available for free online.
CHURCH:as you can see from this graph that i have very carefully prepared, our dvd sales have been lack-luster at best. and clearly, this is the result of the public's blatant disregard of our amazingly original intellectual property.
GRIF:or because we haven't made a dvd yet.
DONUT:dude, don't taunt him. he has a graph!
CHURCH:it's unfortunate, but to protect ourselves from the catastrophic consequences of this global publicity machine known as the internet, we are now forced to take action. sarge?
SARGE:hereto forthwith, starting next week, redvsblue.com, hereafter referred to as "us," will begin suing every person to have ever visited the red vs. blue website, hereafter referred to as "you dirty scumbags! we expect an average judgment of forty-five million dollars per case. vow this day in to the grounds of ergo post proctor hoctor, vis-a-vis telemundo.
CHURCH:keep in mind, this is not an attempt to make money. but rather, a way for the creators of red vs. blue to protect themselves, and the literally dozens of fans that we have, all over the world.
GRIF:forty-five million dollars per person? you guys are idiots!
SARGE:ipso, fatso. may it please the court, i have prepared a second graph to address grif's argument.
GRIF:why is sarge our legal council?
CHURCH:because he has his finger on the pulse of the american legal system. he went to stenographer's school.
SARGE:objection! it was nursing assistant's school.
CHURCH:ah, close enough. listen, we don't have to prove anything. they're the ones that are stealing stuff.
GRIF:but it's online, for free.
CHURCH:right! which is why we're suing them!
GRIF:but we put it on there! we put the videos online, for free, to promote the dvd.
CHURCH:exactly, which is why we're suing you as well.
DONUT:say what?
CHURCH:yeah, you too donut! (turns to church) hey, you want some too pal?
SARGE:i'd like to see you in chambers...
CHURCH:look, i know most of our audience members probably don't have forty-five million dollars. so we're willing to settle out of court. you can either send us everyone in your family's personal information, like social security numbers, drivers license numbers, birthdates, stuff like that. or, you can just find your mom's purse, and send it directly to us. if you're not sure what it looks like, here's a picture of donut's purse.
DONUT:what? i need a place to keep my lotions.
NARRATOR:in the year 2552,
CAPTION: in the year 2552,
NARRATOR:in the last year of the covenant invasion of the outer planets,
CAPTION: in the last year of the covenant invasion of the outer planets,
NARRATOR:a hero arose, a cyborg known only by the name master chief.
CAPTION: a hero arose, a cyborg known only by the name master chief.
NARRATOR:he led the covenant to the edge of space,
CAPTION: he led the covenant to the edge of space,
NARRATOR:to a ringworld, called halo.
CAPTION: to a ringworld called halo.
NARRATOR:it was on halo that master chief learned the grand plan of the covenant armada.
CAPTION: it was on halo that master chief learned the grand plan of the covenant armada.
NARRATOR:to destroy humanity and its homeworld... earth.
CAPTION: to destroy humanity and its homeworld... earth.
NARRATOR:using the defenses of halo, he destroyed the ringworld, and the covenant armada along with it.
CAPTION: he destroyed the ringworld, and the armada along with it.
NARRATOR:the invasion was over. unknown to the people of earth, the covenant were planning to return.
CAPTION: but it's hard to keep a good alien down.
NARRATOR:but in the time between the first and second covenant invasion, there was a brief, but violent period of civil war among the humans.
CAPTION: in the meantime, some guys got all pissed off.
NARRATOR:man fighting man... red vs. blue.
CAPTION: and totally started wailing on each other.
NARRATOR:this is the story of th-
CAPTION: what a bunch of dicks.
NARRATOR:what is that? what are you doing?
CAPTION: i'm paraphrasing. this intro is too long.
NARRATOR:paraph- well don't paraphrase, don't- look, i will read what's in the script, and you type whatever i say. okay?
NARRATOR:so just type whatever i say.
CAPTION: just type whatever i say.
NARRATOR:no, don't type everything i say; just type wh- it's in the damn t- t- m-
CAPTION: no! not eveyrthing... just guh, guh, der, duh, duh...
NARRATOR:...that's not funny.
CAPTION: you're such a cock bite.
NARRATOR:alright, now that, okay that's gotta, that, take that off, because that is, fir- number one that's offensive, and secondly... i am not a cock bite. seriously! i, i am not a cock bite, that is rude. ...just put up the logo.
NARRATOR:assholes.
CAPTION: cock bite.
ORANGE:huh. what'd you think about that?
MAROON:yeah, i think somebody owes me the last two minutes of my life back.
SARGE:settle down, everybody. i have a special treat for you boys today. the powers that be have sent down a motion picture, complete with sound, to promote our upcoming campaign against the covenant.
GRIF:excuse me, uh, sarge?
SARGE:what is it grif?
GRIF:just out of curiosity, what're they doing here?
CHURCH:hey, calm down, red. we're only here to watch the movie, okay? we thought it would be a nice show of, you know, peace and brotherhood to, lay down our weapons for once, spend some time together, you know j-
GRIF:you couldn't figure out how to run the projector, could you.
CHURCH:...yeah, why don't you uh, shove it up your ass there, red.
SIMMONS:hey, watch it.
SARGE:take it easy, fellas. alright donut, get the lights.
TUCKER:bungle...
CHURCH:that's an 'i' you idiot.
TUCKER:oh. right. bingle.
CHURCH:bungie!
SIMMONS:sh. shush.
GRIF:shut up.
GRIF:*catcall whistle*
CHURCH:well, look who it is! i'nt he pretty?
SARGE:what's the problem, girls?
GRIF:look at him sarge, he's too pretty to fight aliens.
SARGE:that's the newest version of the armor, dead man.
GRIF:what is that, bump mapping?
DONUT:yeah, i got a couple bumps you can map right here.
TUCKER:you know, that guy is the reason we're out here fighting in the first place. if he hadn't destroyed the whole armada, we might still have some aliens to fight.
SIMMONS:that's a good point.
AUDIO IN BACKGROUND:i'm asking you to retarget the orbital.
TUCKER:totally destroy my military career and get me marooned in the middle of some lousy canyon?
CHURCH AND  TUCKER:complete!
GRIF:i am so sick of him anyway. every time i tell someone i'm in the spartan forces, all they wanna know is "do you know master chief?" "what's he like?" "is he tall?" makes me sick.
CHURCH:yeah, i, i, personally i don't even think he really exists.
SARGE:oh, he exists alright. i met him during training.
GRIF:really? well, what's he like?
CHURCH:yeah, is he tall?
TUCKER:dude. check it out! did he just jump out of a spaceship?
DONUT:who-ho-hoa, that's badass!
SIMMONS:oh, i could do that.
GRIF:oh come on, man. you twisted your ankle jumping off the back of the warthog.
SIMMONS:it was still moving, dumbass.
TUCKER:why do you need so much underwear? we're only gonna be gone for three days.
CHURCH:yeah, three days, so i have three pairs. how many did you pack?
TUCKER:that depends. does wearing count as packing?
GRIF:hey, what the hell is going on over here?
CHURCH:hey what're you doing over here reds? this is the blue base. go back to your own base.
GRIF:yeah we were just wondering if you guys were gonna come fight us today. uh, considering that, you know, we're in the middle of a war and all. 'cause we've been waiting out by the tree for like two hours now.
CHURCH:oh crap. tucker, you were supposed to send these guys a message, and tell them we weren't gonna be here today, that we had to go to that festival thing.
TUCKER:yeah, i sent it.
GRIF:you mean the doodle of the octopus giving us the finger eight times? that message?
TUCKER:and that wasn't clear?
CHURCH:oh, well, sorry guys, but uh, we can't fight today. we gotta go to new york city for a few days.
SIMMONS:new york? where's that?
CHURCH:you know, i don't really know. i thought it was the center of the universe.
TUCKER:yeah, only to the people who live there.
CHURCH:yeah we're going to this video festival, and we're gonna talk about the ways that we-
TUCKER:video festival? you told me it was a film festival.
CHURCH:no i didn't.
TUCKER:what's a video festival?
CHURCH:well, it's a lot like a film festival. but for people with no money.
TUCKER:i'm guessing there's a pretty slim chance that julia roberts is gonna be there, huh?
CHURCH:heh heh heh, dude, i don't even think eric roberts is gonna be there.
TUCKER:yeah, i'm not going.
CHURCH:oh, don't be a baby!
GRIF:let me get this straight... we're in the middle of an intergalactic struggle for control of the universe, and you guys are taking a few days off to go on vacation?
CHURCH:it's not exactly a vacation. they want us to come there and talk about using pre-rendered game engines for animation purposes. it's a more efficient way of creating large projects by using established routine to animate individual characters. it's called uh, machinima, and it's going to be a more and more popular way of doing animation projects.
GRIF:wow. that was the most boring thing anyone has ever said to me.
TUCKER:yeah, is there going to be a quiz on this?
CHURCH:kiss my ass.
GRIF:how are you planning on getting to new york?
TUCKER:we were just gonna follow the stench of urine in the streets. we figure, we'll eventually get there.
CHURCH:we're just gonna take the teleporter. tucker, you ready to go?
TUCKER:yeah, let's go.
CHURCH:okay. we'll be back in a few days, guys, we can start the war back up then.
GRIF:okay, have fun...
CHURCH:and while we're gone, don't drive our tank.
GRIF:fine.
CHURCH:and no parties.
GRIF:just go.
SIMMONS:...so, you wanna go, raid their fridge?
GRIF:yeah, and help me find the keys to the tank.
TUCKER:i thought we were supposed to get transported right to new york?
CHURCH:this is new york.
TUCKER:what the f-... where the fuck are all the dead hookers?
CHURCH:yeah look at that homeless guy over there. he's not even pissing on anything.
VOICE:come in blue command, come in.
VOICE:this is medical officer dufresne. i have reached blood gulch outpost alpha, do you read?
BLUE COMMAND:(the audio equivalent of pixilated) yes dude, hello, can you read me, hello, check one, check two.
DUFRESNE:say again, blue command. i do not read.
BLUE COMMAND:(still pixilated audio effect) check two. is this thing on? hello, hello.
DUFRESNE:blue command. please boost your transmission to match communication protocol, echo, bravo, -
BLUE COMMAND:(bouncy happy music in background from here on out) yo i hear you, calm down dude, what's going on? hello, yo, can you hear me, hello.
DUFRESNE:uh, roger that command.
BLUE COMMAND:sorry 'bout that, i was in the elevator, this thing doesn't work so well in there. what's going on dude?
DUFRESNE:roger tha... uh... is this blue command?
BLUE COMMAND:oh yeah, man, sure, totally! what's goin' on?
DUFRESNE:you're sure, the blue command base.
BLUE COMMAND:hey dude. take it easy. you called me, i didn't call you.
DUFRESNE:naw, i know, it's just...
BLUE COMMAND:it's just what, dude?
DUFRESNE:never mind. i'm just letting you know that i've reached blood gulch outpost alpha. i'm gonna make contact with the blue squad members.
BLUE COMMAND:blood gulch, huh? alright, let me look here, let me see what it says... blood gulch, bleu bleaou bee ehl, bluoea here we go, blood gulch, okay. says here, you wanna make contact with private tucker, ask him about their wounded, dude.
DUFRESNE:roger that, any other orders?
BLUE COMMAND:anything else, yeah okay, yeah, it says here whatever you do don't- oh. okay never mind dude, i'm not supposed to read you that part, okay, just uh... you'll be okay, just uh be very careful. that's all.
DUFRESNE:great.
BLUE COMMAND:alright then. well it's out goal here at blue base to provide excellent customer service, and i hope that i have done that today. uh, if you have any further questions about this radio transmission, you can just um, you know call back, say "dude, i've got some questions, what's goin' on." over and out.
DUFRESNE:okay... private tucker...
TUCKER:hey church, we have a problem.
CHURCH IN LOPEZ BUT COBALT AGAIN:i am not your mother, so don't come tattling to me every time one of you does something that the other one doesn't like.
TUCKER:i'm telling you, he's crazy. he keeps threatening me, and talking in a scary voice.
CABOOSE:no i didn't.
TUCKER:oh, so you're saying you didn't threaten to cut off my head and give it to church as a birthday present?
CABOOSE:you know, i think you're taking my words a little out of context.
TUCKER:what? what context?
CHURCH:listen guys, this competition thing has got to stop, okay? i thought we'd established by now...
DUFRESNE:excuse me.
CHURCH:hey pal? one second, okay? i'm in the middle of something here. ah leuh, i thought we'd established by now, i don't like either of you, okay? so competing for my attention, is not gonna do ya any good.
DUFRESNE:excuse me.
CHURCH:okay. yes. hello. who're you?
CABOOSE (SCARY VOICE - THIS IS O'MALLEY):don't ever be alone.
TUCKER:he's doing that thing again...
DUFRESNE:my name's dufresne... uh, are you private tucker?
CHURCH:no, i am not private tucker. my name is church. this is private tucker.
TUCKER:yo!
CHURCH:and our friend over there in regulation blue? that's caboose. or, o'malley, or whatever the hell he's callin' himself.
CABOOSE:why did you introduce me second?
TUCKER:because he hates you.
DUFRESNE:i received your call for a medic.
CABOOSE:medic... that was like three months ago.
TUCKER:yeah what'd you do, crawl all the way here?
DUFRESNE:i came as quickly as i could. where's the patient?
CHURCH:well, she's about fifty yards behind you, and six feet straight down.
DUFRESNE:oh. (turns back around to face the blue guys) i'm sorry about your loss.
CHURCH:what- oh, yeah. yeah, thanks man, it was tough but, well, what're you gonna do...
CABOOSE:we didn't like her very much. (whispers) she was mean to other people.
DUFRESNE:who's in the other grave?
CHURCH:that's uh, that's me. i'm in that grave.
DUFRESNE:...uh huh. ...course.
CABOOSE:see, uh, he, got killed by this uh, crazy runaway tank.
TUCKER:or by the idiot driving it.
CABOOSE:oh yeah, and then he became, uh, this really mean ghost, and uh, took over a mexican robot's body, uh, oh! and then we had to uh, oyathatsright, spray paint him, ah, to make him blue, and now he is alive again, and he is a bionic man. ...who ...is blue.
TUCKER:right, and it took us six weeks to get his spanish setting turned off.
CHURCH:no esta completamente apagado, bendejo.
CAPTION:not entirely turned off, moron.
TUCKER:(sighs) i'll go get the spanish dictionary.
DUFRESNE:wait, so, noone here is hurt?
CHURCH:no, we're fine. in fact, i feel better than ever. see now whenever these two idiots really start to bug me, i can always just turn my ears off. couldn't do that before.
CABOOSE:you said they were shorting out.
CHURCH:i'm sorry, what was that caboose? i can't hear you.
DUFRESNE:well then let me just check you two out, and i'll be on my way.
TUCKER:whoa... check us out? is this gonna be one of those things where i have to turn my head and cough?
DUFRESNE:(holding up a medical scanner or something) no, i'm just gonna check your vitals.
CABOOSE:(to tucker) i bet i have better vitals than you... what's a vital?
CHURCH:on your way? i don't think so, bud. aren't you here to join our squad?
DUFRESNE:no, i'm just here to help out with tex, and then assist in the canyon as needed.
CHURCH:first of all, great job on the tex thing. mission accomplished. secondly, the way that we need you to assist, is to help us kill all the reds.
DUFRESNE:well, even if my orders didn't prohibit me from doing that, i still wouldn't. i joined the army as a conscientious objector.
TUCKER:a conshe- who?
DUFRESNE:i'm a pacifist.
CABOOSE:you're a thing that babies suck on...
TUCKER:no dude, that's a pedophile.
CHURCH:tucker, i think he means a pacifier.
TUCKER:oh yeah, right. man i was totally thinking about something else.
CHURCH:that's real classy, tucker.
DUFRESNE:(running and finishing his scan) well, everyone here checks out. i'll come back and check on you before i leave the canyon. can you tell me which way to the red base?
TUCKER:why? you said you weren't gonna fight 'em.
DUFRESNE:i'm not. resources are low, so i'm on loan to both armies to help whichever side needs me at the time.
CHURCH:man, that is so freakin' lame.
DUFRESNE:i'm just gonna go to red base and see if they need any help.
CHURCH:well, if you're gonna go up to red base, i'd recommend putting away that little medical thingie of yours. they see you walking up carrying that thing, they're gonna shoot it right out of your hand.
CHURCH:yeah, just like that.
TUCKER:scatter!
SARGE:nice shot, cupcake.
DONUT:thanks sarge!
SIMMONS:(firing his machine gun a few times) oh that's right, suck it blue!
GRIF:(standing up in front of simmons) yeahah, sneak attack!
SIMMONS:sit down, you dumbass, i can't see.
SARGE:pack up yer knickers, fellas. let's go get 'em.
CHURCH:okay tucker, i need you to get up there, help caboose shore up the defense, establish a suppressing fire, and hold that position until further notice.
TUCKER:i didn't even know what half of that meant.
CHURCH:just go over to caboose's rock, and fire your gun a bunch.
TUCKER:that rock? yeah, i don't think so.
CHURCH:we do not, have time, to discuss this.
TUCKER:sure, no time for you to discuss it. you get to hang out here with nancy no-bullets shootin' the breeze. meanwhile, i'm out there, running around, eating a machine gun sandwich.
CHURCH:tucker, we're gonna give you covering fire.
TUCKER:covering fire? unless that means you're gonna build a huge, bullet-proof wall between me and them, i think you need to come up with a new plan. preferably one that involves me keeping the same quantity of blood that i have right now.
CHURCH:no problem. oh wait wait, does the blood have to be in your body?
GRIF:simmmonns... i can't feel my hands.
SIMMONS:maybe you should lay off the trigger, you dumbass.
CHURCH:alright you, doc, get over there and help caboose!
DUFRESNE:my name isn't doc, it's dufresne.
CHURCH:yeah. i can't pronounce that, so from now on, your name is doc.
DUFRESNE:i'm not really comfortable with that; i'm not a doctor, i'm a medic.
CHURCH:what's the difference?
DUFRESNE:well, a doctor cures people. a medic just makes them more comfortable. while they die.
TUCKER:mental note: don't ever get shot.
CHURCH:it's settled then. your name is now doc.
DUFRESNE:alright, but i don't think it'll stick.
TUCKER:oh, trust us, it'll stick.
CHURCH:now get over to caboose, and help him hold that position.
DOC:i don't have a gun, i am a pacifist.
CHURCH:well then just get over there, and yell bang bang bang.
DOC:eh, i don't know. even that sounds pretty aggressive.
TUCKER:oh, come on.
DOC:besides, i'm not supposed to get involved unless someone gets hurt.
CHURCH:huh. i see.
CABOOSE:ahow, my foot.
CHURCH:well, looks like caboose has hurt himself. maybe you should get over there and help him, doc.
DOC:you know, you could have just asked nicely.
SIMMONS:oh crap, i'm out. give me some ammunition, grif.
GRIF:me? i don't have any extra, i'm down to one bullet.
SIMMONS:wha.. how can that be? you're the one who carries all the extra rounds in to battle.
GRIF:wait, since when?
SIMMONS:since the last staff meeting.
GRIF:we actually talk about stuff in those things? i just fall asleep inside my helmet.
SIMMONS:well, you missed your job assignment, and now we have no ammo.
GRIF:what's your job?
SIMMONS:me? i'm the social chairman.
SARGE:grif. me and treasurer donut are empty. we need some clips.
SIMMONS:hey grif, you remember that one bullet you have left? i thought of the perfect way you can use it.
DOC:i'm here caboose, where're you hit?
CABOOSE:ah, ow, ow, ow, my foot, my foot!
DOC:the left foot?
CABOOSE:ah, left. let's see, that makes an l with this thumb and...
DOC:i'm just gonna assume it's the bleeding one.
CABOOSE:yeah, the red one. aeh. i can't believe church shot me.
CHURCH:oh don't even start, caboose!
DOC:anything else?
CABOOSE:uh, well wha?
DOC:you have a bullet wound in the foot. is anything else wrong?
CABOOSE:uh... oh, i got one. uh, whell, sometimes when i fall asleep at night i think about my parents having sex, and i get really really mad for some reason.
DOC:... ... ... okay i'm just gonna start with the foot.
CABOOSE:okay.
TUCKER:hey dude, why aren't the reds firing?
CHURCH:i don't know, maybe they're outta ammo.
SARGE:hey blues! we are giving you a chance to surrender!
CHURCH:surrender!?
SARGE:we are giving you a chance to surrender!
GRIF:there is no way this bluff is gonna work.
SARGE:put a cork in it, fast eddie. there's positively no way they know we're outta ammo.
CHURCH:yeah, they're definitely outta ammo... what're your terms?!
TUCKER:their what?
GRIF:our what?
SIMMONS:i can't believe this is actually working. see if we can get lopez back, sarge.
GRIF:oh yeah. 'cause then he can fix the warthog.
DONUT:oh oh sarge - tell them we want the flag.
GRIF:yeah, and some cake.
DONUT:oh... wait wait sarge, just the cake.
SARGE:alright blues! first off! we want your flag...!
SIMMONS:wait wait wait just a second. the last time we got the flag, the chick in the black armor showed up.
SARGE:...to stay right where it is! keep the flag! but we do want our mechanized droid guy back!
CHURCH:uh oh.
SARGE:you may know him as seor el roboto!
TUCKER:well church, what's it gonna be?
CHURCH:chingado, no way. i'm not giving back my body. i just got this thing.
SARGE:and don't think you can keep his nuts! or bolts, or other mechanical parts you may have!
CHURCH:uh, uh he's not here any more!
TUCKER:yeah, he left! he was all like "sayonara!" and then he just took off!
CHURCH:that's not spanish you idiot, that's french. let's try this. hey reds! how about a medic?! would you take a medic as a hostage?!
DOC:a hostage? but i'm supposed to go over there.
SIMMONS:meh, that sounds pretty good to me.
GRIF:i don't know, i think we can hold out for more.
SIMMONS:we don't have any bullets, dumbass.
GRIF:oh right. take the medic. the medic's a good deal.
CHURCH:hey doc. how's the patient?
DOC:doing well. he seems very alert and responsive.
TUCKER:he's talking about caboose, right?
CHURCH:no i mean his toe, how's the toe i shot?
DOC:what that thing? that fell off like half an hour ago.
CABOOSE:(sad) rest in peace, pinkie toe...
O'MALLEY:you shall be avenged!
DOC:tell you what. go ahead and send me over. i really don't think i can be any more help.
CHURCH:okay! we're gonna send over our medic! now what do we get!?
SIMMONS:you?! you're surrendering! you don't get anything except humiliation and ridicule!
TUCKER:we've already got that! what else do you have!?
SARGE:what do you want!?
CHURCH:how about if you admit that the red team sucks!?
SARGE:what if we admit that one of us sucks!?
GRIF:nice. wait, you mean donut, right?
CHURCH:okay then! we agree to the terms!? you first, and then we send over the medic!
SARGE:get on with it, grif.
GRIF:(grunting sigh) i would just like to let everyone know, that i suck...!
CHURCH:and!?
GRIF:and that i'm a girl...!
CHURCH:what else!?
GRIF:and i like ribbons in my hair, and i want to kiss all the boys...!
SARGE:this may be the best surrender of all time.
SIMMONS:okay, is that good enough!?
CHURCH:yeah! alright, go ahead doc.
GRIF:man, i really hope you're worth this.
DOC:can i ask you a question? do they put something in the water here?
GRIF:water? we ran outta water six months ago.
DOC:no water, then what do you drink?
GRIF:uh, you know, ketchup, uh, soy sauce, gravy, the usual.
SARGE:i only drink the blood of my enemies. and occasionally a stawberry yoohoo. or a sasparilla. grenadine, straight from the can. deeelicious. ...oh occasionally i do enjoy a 'sex on the beach.' or a pina colata. (singing) if you like pina colatas, hengh! gettin' caught in the rain, hengh! and you're not in to yoga, engh! grif just has half a brain, ungh.
DOC:so he was shot in the head...
GRIF:right.
DOC:...and you gave him cpr for a bullet wound in the head.
GRIF:exactly.
DOC:yeah, i think that's a perfectly acceptable treatment.
GRIF:that's what i said.
DOC:oh yeah, people often overlook to alternative methods of care. like that blue guy that was shot in the foot during the battle? all i did was rub his neck with some aloe vera, he was fine.
GRIF:yeah, i don't know about all that. i'm just glad that sarge is wrong.
SARGE:grif! yer supposed to be guarding the prisoner. not playing lookie-loo with him all day long!
GRIF:come on sarge, he doesn't even have a gun.
SIMMONS:oh, well you two will be great friends then. he doesn't have a gun, and you didn't bring any ammo!
GRIF:hey thanks, kissass. if i wanna take guarding tips from the guy that lost our last prisoner, i'll be sure to ask you.
DONUT:oh man, that is a burn. dude, you just got burned. burned, dude, burned.
SIMMONS:oh shut up, your armor's pink.
DOC:uh, hey, guys? i, i just want everybody to know that grif and i aren't, uh, technically friends, uh, we're just talking. that's it. (to grif) sorry man, but it's pretty obvious that you're really unpopular, and if i'm gonna make any progress around here at all i can't really be directly associated with you. i'm sure you understand.
GRIF:...
DOC:it's only because noone likes you.
GRIF:...
DOC:stop staring at me.
TUCKER:hey church - if your body is the red team's old droid, and droids usually fix stuff, can't you just activate your repair sequence and fix sheila?
CHURCH:huh... well, yeah it's worth a shot, i guess. (clears throat for some reason) alright. stand back. huhrur... keeungh... hoom...
TUCKER:anything?
CHURCH:yeah, it's not as easy as you'd think it would be.
TUCKER:maybe there's a button on you somewhere...
CHURCH:see what you can find. i'll keep trying from in here... hurhoor... oh! hey!
TUCKER:found it?
CHURCH:nah, no wait. all i found was the time and temperature function. it is currently twenty-six degrees, by the way.
TUCKER:what? it's not twenty-six degrees out here, that's freezing.
CHURCH:celcius, tucker.
TUCKER:oh come on dude, celcius sucks. (kneels down and looks at church) hey, i found something.
CHURCH:oh yeah? you found a button?
TUCKER:naw dude, it's more like a ...switch.
CHURCH:well, give it a flip.
TUCKER:i don't wanna flip it.
CHURCH:what's the problem?
TUCKER:it's in a weird place.
CHURCH:oh you've gotta be kidding me.
TUCKER:you flip it.
CHURCH:these arms aren't that flexible, i can't even reach down there.
TUCKER:what about caboose?
CHURCH:man, he's so stupid, i don't even know if he knows how to operate a switch.
TUCKER:oh man...
CHURCH:tuck, tucker, come on. we'll laugh about it later. i'll buy you dinner.
TUCKER:(kneels down and tries to flip the switch, but fails) it won't move, it's stuck.
CHURCH:did you try wiggling it?
TUCKER:no way, i'm not wiggling your dongle.
CHURCH:oh, stop being a baby. just wiggle it.
CHURCH:... so, you from around here baby?
TUCKER:okay look, if you want me to do this, you can't talk like that.
CHURCH:alright alright alright alright, i'm sorry, i'm just kidding, i'm just kidding.
TUCKER:i wish tex was here, she wouldn't have any problem flipping it.
CHURCH:you obviously did not know tex that well.
TUCKER:there! anything?
CHURCH:nope. nothin'. that's kinda weird. do you hear something beeping?
SARGE:are there any ideas on what to do with the prisoner?
SIMMONS:well, we have to get him away from grif, because ...yeeah, you know, it's kinda cruel and unusual to have to talk to him.
DONUT:how 'bout we um, let him trade armor with uh, one of us? that would show him.
WARTHOG:(as if getting up to speed) warthog online. (now up to speed) homing beacon activated.
DONUT:sarge... d, did the car just talk?
SARGE:uh oh...
SIMMONS:okay, i get it. you build a remote control for the jeep in to lopez.
SARGE:yep. but there's no way anyone could have found out how to turn it on. i hid it in a place noone would ever look. unless... hey. pretty in pink. were you messin' with my robot?
DONUT:what're you asking me for?
GRIF:so someone else controls the jeep right now? and the big gun attached to it?
SARGE:oh, get a pair, you bunch o' barbies. even if they figured out how to turn it on, they'd never know the set of code words to control it. only me and my diary know that.
CHURCH:there, you hear that?
TUCKER:is it like a screaming, high pitched whistling noise, followed by a series of random clicks?
CHURCH:no it's just like this constant 'beep beep beep' noise.
TUCKER:oh... then no, i don't hear anything.
CHURCH:do you eh, wait - do you actually hear a series of whistling noises followed by some random clicks?
TUCKER:no, i was just tryin' to be helpful
CHURCH:yeah, well, you're failing.
CABOOSE:all i hear is that voice, you know telling us to kill all our friends before they have a chance to kill us.
CHURCH AND  TUCKER:...
CABOOSE:wait, you guys don't hear that?
CHURCH:oh man, i can't take this any more. tucker, you're gonna have to do something, man, this beeping is going to drive me crazy.
WARTHOG:(beep beep beep beep) drive.
SARGE:jumpin' jehozafats, they've cracked the code. those dern windtalkers.
DONUT:hey, he's taking the jeep.
DOC:help, the jeep is kidnapping me!
DONUT:now he's taunting us. this is just embarassing.
SIMMONS:hey sarge, new rule. how 'bout we just don't take any more prisoners, since we seem to suck at it.
CABOOSE:i see a switch down here. (whispers) it's not very big.
TUCKER:oh yeah, that's it. just flip it.
CHURCH:wait, stop.
WARTHOG:(in background) stop. (stops moving)
CHURCH:caboose... do you know how to work a switch?
CABOOSE:uhhhhhhhhh...
CHURCH:alright. here's a full tutorial then. the switch is pointed in one direction, just turn it around, so that it's pointed in the other direction.
WARTHOG:turn around. (turns around, facing back toward the red base)
CABOOSE:oops. it broke itself.
CHURCH:ughhhhhhhh.
DOC:oh man, what now...
GRIF:that does not look good. nice kitty, nice kitty.
TUCKER:okay, i see two wires down here. one's green, the other one's red.
CABOOSE:what about the blue one?
CHURCH:that's your thumb, idiot. come on guys, just grab whichever one goes to the switch, and yank it out.
TUCKER:ey, i can't tell which one goes over there.
CHURCH:then just yank 'em both.
CABOOSE:church, if we pick the wrong one, (whispers) you could explode.
CHURCH:i don't care, look, just follow the red one.
WARTHOG:acquire target: red.
GRIF:uh, sarge, you, you may wanna start running. (donut and simmons back away) now. (backs away)
SARGE:ahhhhh fudge pumps.
TUCKER:okay, i see what's going on here. the red one goes close to the switch, and the green one goes... yeugh, someplace else.
CHURCH:fine, just pull it. take out the red one.
SARGE:oh, i'm pinned!
WARTHOG:(beep beep beep beep) eliminate red target. (starts firing the gun, getting progressively closer to sarge's head)
GRIF:you're gonna kill him!
SARGE:what a way to go. killed by my own mechanical creations. i'm sure there's a philosophical lesson to be learned from all this.
SIMMONS:something about the dangers of technology, and the unwavering pride of mankind?
SARGE:no, something about hiring better help, that doesn't just stand around watching you die!
SIMMONS:okay, we gotta do something here guys.
DONUT:you're right. i got dibs on sarge's armor.
TUCKER:okay church, you ready, i'm gonna yank the wire.
SARGE:grif, if you see lopez, tell him i forgive him. tell him, he was like a son to me.
GRIF:i thought simmons was like a son to you?
SARGE:no offense, simmons. lopez and i just, understood each other better.
SIMMONS:understood... he refused to speak english.
GRIF:yeah, and he ran away the first chance he got.
SIMMONS:and now he's trying to kill you with a remote control jeep.
SARGE:ahhhh, what a little rascal.
TUCKER:alrigh, here goes nothin'. one... two... three! (pulls the wire, and the beeping stops)
CHURCH:oh god yes, finally! some freakin' peace and quiet! i thought that was gonna drive me nuts! ...hey. why can't i move my legs?
WARTHOG:(shutting down) signal lost.
GRIF:wow, that was a close one. are you okay sarge?
SARGE:ah, horse puckey, i'm fine. although i do have to admit, maybe a little bit disappointed.
SIMMONS:it's okay sir. i know that you said a lot of things that you didn't mean. people say crazy stuff when they're faced with their own mortality.
SARGE:it's not that. i just felt like i could have taken him.
GRIF:taken who, the machine gun?
SARGE:oh he was a worthy opponent to be sure, but right at the end there he was beginning to show signs of weakness. cracks in the armor, if you will.
GRIF:what? you can't fight a machine gun.
DONUT:yeah, sarge. i know you're tough and all, but it is kinda hard to beat up hundreds of armor piercing bullets using only your face.
SARGE:and yet, he surrendered.
DOC:guys, guys, it's okay, i've seen this before. sarge just lived through a very traumatic ordeal. we all have ways of coping with the stress.
GRIF:oh yeah? how do you deal with it?
DOC:oh i have my own system, that works pretty well for me. ...by the way, the driver side of the jeep is gonna need a thorough cleaning.
CHURCH:this is great, this is just great. thanks a lot caboose. now what'm i supposed to do: my lower half is damaged.
CABOOSE:why don't you try walking it off?
CHURCH:i can't use my legs, moron.
CABOOSE:oh, i see. ...have you tried running?
TUCKER:this doesn't seem like that big a deal, you hardly ever used your legs before anyway. i've never heard of a grown man asking for so many piggy-back rides.
CHURCH:hey, i already told you: that was for science.
CABOOSE:why don't you just try, walking on your hands? then you could your feet for high fiiiiives, and ...eatin' sandwicheeeees... you know, the important stuff.
SIMMONS:hey doc, although i'm sure sarge enjoys having his spine pulverised in to dust, maybe you should go ahead and back up the warthog.
DOC:oh, right. sorry. (drives the warthog forward, against sarge some more)
SARGE:oh, hot buttered lugnuts!
DOC:oh, geez, i'm really sorry, i, i just was in the wrong gear, let me just... (rams sarge again)
SARGE:yoh, geez, there goes mah last kidney. i was saving that one for a special occasion.
DOC:third time's a charm?
SIMMONS:i don't think so, poindexter. outta the jeep now!
DOC:i'm really sorry guys. i was only trying to help.
SIMMONS:really.
GRIF:oh is that all? i for one was totally confused. i thought you were savagely trying to kill our sargeant by ramming him over and over with a six thousand pound steel death machine. now that we know that you're just trying to help, by all means, please continue.
DOC:... ...really?
GRIF AND  SIMMONS:get out!
CHURCH:well just start reattaching wires, i'll tell you when i feel something.
TUCKER:what about that, do you feel that church?
CHURCH:no, what're you doing, i don't feel anything.
CABOOSE:oh, church? you know, i was thinkin'. ...uh yih yih ya know, when you, when you eat ice cream too fast sometimes and it hurts your brain?
CHURCH:hey caboose? yeah. shut up.
CABOOSE:(seeing the reds) uh.... church? i think that you should know that the reds are-
CHURCH:dammit caboose! in the short time i've known you, you've managed to call my girlfriend a slut, blow me up with a tank, shoot me in the head, and now paralyze me from the waist down! so i hope it's not too much for me to ask, just for once, if you'd shut yer freakin' mouth!
SIMMONS:hey blues, we're here to- what the hell are you guys doing?
SIMMONS:what the hell are you guys doing?
TUCKER:oh crap, the reds are here.
CHURCH:what? caboose, why didn't you say anything? hey. one of you guys turn me around. i still can't move my legs.
GRIF:what were you doing down there?
TUCKER:nothing. what're you talking about?
CABOOSE:(from the back) we were just playing a game!
CHURCH:hey caboose, we'll handle this.
GRIF:what in the hell is going on at this base?
DOC:i told you these guys're weird.
CHURCH:whaddaya want, reds? get outta here, or we'll start shootin' at ya!
GRIF:oh yeah? you care to make that threat to my face?
CHURCH:(tries to turn around, fails miserably) uhgh... no.
GRIF:yeah i didn't think so. punk.
SIMMONS:whoa whoa whoa, calm down guys. we didn't come here to fight. we just came to give back the prisoner.
TUCKER:give him back? you can't give him back, you took him, a deal's a deal.
GRIF:yeah, well forget it. we don't want him.
CHURCH:well, sorry, you can't have another prisoner. that was our last one.
GRIF:hey dude, what is your problem?
SIMMONS:didn't your mama ever tell you it's impolite not to look at someone when you're talking to them?
CABOOSE:(from back) he's shy!
CHURCH:shut up. look, we don't want him back, and we don't care what you do with him. now if you don't mind, we'd appreciate if you'd leave us alone. we're in the middle of something, kinda private over here.
GRIF:that's sad. he is shy.
SIMMONS:fine, but don't come asking for him back later.
TUCKER:we won't.
GRIF:last chance.
CHURCH:beat it reds!
GRIF:alright, we're goin', we're goin'.
GRIF:man, i thought our team was obnoxious, but those guys are really rude.
SIMMONS:whoa, whey, hey, whoa, where do you think you're goin'?
DOC:(stopping) back to base with you guys. they don't want me over there...
GRIF:yeah, i don't think so.
DOC:what? you're not just gonna leave me out here in the middle of nowhere... by myself?
SIMMONS:yeah. that's kinda the general idea.
DOC:not you too, right grif? old buddy? huh?
GRIF:sorry, it's pretty clear that you're not very popular around here, and if i'm gonna make any progress at all, i can't be directly associated with you. i'm sure you understand.
DOC:...
CHURCH:what's going on? are they there? did they leave? hey somebody tell me what's happening!
TUCKER:i don't know, i can't really see too clearly. i bet i could see better if i had that sniper rifle...
CHURCH:uh, tucker? you might wanna look behind you.
TUCKER:mother fucker.
CABOOSE:uh ooh church, church. okay, i s, i see something... okay... uh the two red ones are walking away... uh... but the purple one is...
O'MALLEY:i think he's going to attack.
CHURCH:purple. oh wait, the purple guy's that worthless medic.
TUCKER:he's not gonna attack, he's a pussy fest.
CHURCH:pacifist.
TUCKER:ah, whatever, let's tie him up and roll him through the teleporter.
CHURCH:wait a second wait a second, think about this for a minute. why would the reds leave him out there by himself? this has to be some kind of trick.
CABOOSE:i'll bet they've used some kind of, brain washing technique on him. they're, they're probably planning, to have him do, all their dirty plans... and also the schemes...
TUCKER:caboose, that is ridiculous.
CABOOSE:is it? or is it so ridiculous, (scope zooms in on tucker's jaw) it's the most ridiculously perfect idea, that you never thought of.
TUCKER:no, just the regular kinda ridiculous.
CHURCH:well just keep your eye on him. we'll know it's a trick if he tries to get in to our base.
DOC:(from afar) hey guys, euh, do you think i could come and hang out at your base for a while?
CABOOSE:i knew it... we're all gonna die...
O'MALLEY:(aiming at the back of tucker's head) starting with you!
TUCKER:sorry, but we're kinda busy here. so go away... or something.
DOC:normally i wouldn't impose, it's just that i don't know the neighborhood too well, and-
CHURCH:listen doc, you're not fooling anybody with that innocent victim routine.
DOC:hey uh i could help! i know more than just medicine! i'm trained in psychology too, maybe i could help you with your problem facing people!
CHURCH:jeh, get outta here! and tell your buddies the reds, that their little 'plan' failed.
DOC:well this is just great. i can't believe i failed outta medical school for this.
DONUT:so, just you and me, hanging at the base today, huh sarge? this is new. i notice you use a shotgun. that's cool. i just use this pistol. it works for me. ...(whistles)... so, you think the guys will be back soon? what do you think they're up to? you think they stopped at the store? i noticed we were getting pretty low on elbow grease. ...when you die, can i have your armor?
SIMMONS:(running up the ramp) hey, we're back!
DONUT:oh man, am i glad to see you guys. sarge would not stop talkin'. seriously
SARGE:grif, simmons, were you able to work out a suitable exchange?
SIMMONS:uh, not exactly, sir. you see, when we showed up, the blues were doing something really weird, and then th-
GRIF:really weird. and they were rude.
SIMMONS:hey dumbass, i thought we agreed i was gonna tell the story.
GRIF:excuse me, go ahead.
SIMMONS:well you see, the blue guys were really weird, and not just normal weird, really weird-
GRIF:you're not telling it right.
SIMMONS:okay fine, how do you remember it?
GRIF:well, i remember we agreed that you're a kissass. i get fuzzy on the rest of the details.
SIMMONS:anyway, they didn't want the prisoner back, sir.
SARGE:why those cunning blue devils. does their treachery know no bounds.
GRIF:it wasn't a total loss sir, i was able to steal his wallet.
SARGE:grif, i may just make a respectable soldier out of you yet.
GRIF:really sir?
SARGE:hell no! now leave the money on my nightstand, and get back to work!
CHURCH:alright tucker, what the hell are we gonna do man, i gotta get my legs working here.
TUCKER:i don't know, but i can't just keep pulling wires down there. i think we should call in a professional. maybe someone who can fix sheila, too.
CHURCH:okay great idea, but the only two people who can do that are seor el roboto, and tex.
CABOOSE:hmm, tex can be kinda hard to work with.
TUCKER:yeah. dead people usually are.
CHURCH:quite frankly tucker, i find your attitude offensive.
CABOOSE:what about that lopez person. is he available?
CHURCH:no, i'm in his body. remember?
CABOOSE:well... why don't you just leave his body, and then tucker and i will make him fix you and my girlfriend!
TUCKER:girlfriend, what?
CHURCH:you retard?
CABOOSE:i mean uh, tucker and i will make him fix you, and uh the beautiful tank lady means nothing to me. uh then we can get you back in his body when he is done.
TUCKER:i'm confused, that actually seems like a good idea.
CHURCH:i know.
TUCKER:...but caboose said it.
CHURCH:i know.
CHURCH:ack, what the hell was that for?
TUCKER:i don't know, i thought maybe i was dreaming, so i punched you in the face to make sure i wasn't.
CHURCH:tucker, when you think you're dreaming, you don't punch somebody else. you get somebody else to pinch you.
TUCKER:dude, it doesn't matter what kinda dream i'm having, i am not going to ask you to pinch me.
CHURCH:if you dented my forehead, tucker, i am gonna be pissed.
TUCKER:yeah, yeah, yeah.
CHURCH:let's try this: i'll jump out of lopez's body real quick, you two just watch him, make sure he doesn't try anything. got it?
TUCKER:yeah, sure.
CABOOSE:okay, church!
CHURCH:ughhh, alright. here goes nothing'. hegakergerk! (while leaving lopez's body)
TUCKER:you know, i have to hand it to you caboose, you finally came up with a good idea.
CABOOSE:oh, thanks man, it was nothin'.
TUCKER:no no, you really contributed, and that's what it's all about.
CABOOSE:ya know, i just enjoy the process.
CHURCH AS GHOST:yeahah, back in the spirit world, alright. man i forgot how good this feels. kinda... loosey-goosey. hey, what'd you guys do with my body?
TUCKER:why do you care about your body, you can't even move yer- (turns around and sees lopez jumping over a hill) oh hey look, your legs work!
O'MALLEY:this one is mine! (fires the sniper rifle)
CHURCH:hey caboose, whoa cut it out man! you're gonna damage my body! tucker, you guys go through the teleporter and cut him off. i'll meet you guys out there. (fades away)
TUCKER:there's no way i'm going through the teleporter again. i've still got this tingle in the back of my... look, dude, i'm just not going back through the teleporter, okay?
CABOOSE:but church said for us to-
TUCKER:yeah, but church didn't think of this! (throws a grenade through the teleporter) come on, let's go!
CHURCH:alright, hold it right there amigo.
LOPEZ:mira que cosa mas fina?
CHURCH:hey, i said hold it, not run away! you big... robot baby! what the hell? that rock looks just like a grenade... aw crap.
SARGE:what in sam hell is goin' on out there, grif?
GRIF:sir i think we're under attack! a very sloppy, poorly coordinated attack.
SARGE:how many do ya see?
GRIF:there's two running our way, and another one seems to be- retreating?
SARGE:oh we'll give them all a reason to retreat. saddle up, simmons, let's go rope us some blue steer!
SIMMONS:woohoo! alright, yeah!
SARGE:yeah!
SARGE:woohoo!
SIMMONS:just what i live for.
SARGE:alright!
SIMMONS:let's do it!
DONUT:so... just you 'n' me, hanging out at the base. that's coo.
GRIF:shut up rookie.
DONUT:you think they'll be gone long? me and sarge had a great time together.
GRIF:oh my god...
DONUT:we talked about all kinds of stuff...
GRIF:i'm not gonna sit here and listen to this all day long...
DONUT:he showed me a picture of his mother, we talked about home decorating...
GRIF:are you ever going to shut up?...
DONUT:we made macrame ideas...
GRIF:jesus christ...
DONUT:we shared recipes for souffls...
GRIF:how did i get stuck in this place...
DONUT:oh man, it was such a blast! and then we talked about, our feelings...
GRIF:ugh, god...
DONUT:and then, we also discussed...
GRIF:jesus christ...
DONUT:what it was like to be the loner in high school...
GRIF:you've gotta be kidding me...
DONUT:and, you know, all the kids made fun of us, but we had a really great time...
GRIF:oh man...
DONUT:i mean sarge is a really neat person, we talked about his dream the other night...
GRIF:i don't wanna listen to this...
DONUT:where he dreamed, that uh... some shit happened...
GRIF:why me?
SIMMONS:alright, hit it!
CHURCH:(coughs) what the hell? who tried to blow me up with a grenade? and why'm i coughing? i don't have lungs.
SIMMONS:yeehaw!
SARGE:rid'em cowboy.
SIMMONS:yes! ...hey sarge, hold on a sec. (jumps off the warthog)
SIMMONS:did you see something weird, sarge?
SARGE:yes i did. once when i was a small child i saw a man who claimed to be my uncle, do this thing with a garden hose that still haunts me to this-
SIMMONS:whoa whoa whoa, i meant did you see something weird just now, like five seconds ago.
SARGE:oh. then no.
SIMMONS:what was all that stuff about your uncle?
SARGE:i keep telling everyone he wasn't my uncle! he wasn't!
SIMMONS:... you wanna talk about it?
SARGE:just get back in the damn jeep.
TUCKER:hold it right there, hombre. i told you throwing that grenade through the teleporter would work. church is gonna be so impressed.
CABOOSE:and sheila will love me again, and this time, for who i am, not just for my stunning good looks... but for those too.
LOPEZ:pinche mamnes azules. es tn tan estpido que como miran.
CAPTION: damn these blue bastards. they really are as stupid as they look.
O'MALLEY:your soul is a cavern of lies!
TUCKER:what the hell are you two talking about?
LOPEZ:a es ganado esta tiempo, pero su reinado repugnante va se de breve duracin.
CAPTION: you may have won this round, but your cruel reign of tyranny will be short lived.
LOPEZ:los rojos vana ser vengado--
CAPTION: the red people will be avenged--
TUCKER:yeah yeah yeah, nobody cares. we need you to fix our tank.
LOPEZ:nunca vo es trabajar para la enemigo. pueda un malo estar sobre su alma y su casa.
CAPTION: never will i work for the enemy. may a pox be upon your soul and your house.
LOPEZ:un mucho tiempo mi raza sufridos, pero muy pronto vamos a ser un da nuevo.
CAPTION: long have my people suffered, but very soon we will see the coming of a new day.
LOPEZ:la amanecer de nuestro tiempo est cerca, y cuando la noche acontece su gente la trabajadores de la campo va sabrn que est tiempo.
CAPTION: the dawn of our time is near, and when the darkness befalls your people the workers of the field will know that this is their moment.
LOPEZ:(in background) es la tiempo des nosotros, la gran traicin de la alto como sta predicho, que yo digo.
GENERAL:it is our time, the great betrayal of the oppressors as was predicted, as i said.
TUCKER:man, i thought church talked too much. you think if i kick him in the switch he'll shut up?
CABOOSE:uh tucker? i think that maybe we should begin the going of the running now? (weakly) the fast running.
TUCKER:oh crap!
SARGE:hold yer fire there, simmons. this is payback time.
SIMMONS:go for it sir!
TUCKER:that's right, we're just casually strolling away. (starts backing up) no cause for concern...
CABOOSE:running time! (takes off)
TUCKER:nice and casual! moron!
LOPEZ:s, s, corren perros cobardes.
CAPTION: yes, yes, run away, you cowardly dogs.
LOPEZ:sea sabido que la gran lopez ha ganado en esta da...
CAPTION: be it known that the great lopez has won this day and...
SIMMONS:aim for that guy right in the middle, sarge.
SARGE:way aheada ya simmons.
LOPEZ:qu est pasando?
CAPTION: what is happening?
SIMMONS:we got ya now, you blue bastard!
LOPEZ:no me ha dado otro opcin.
CAPTION: you have given me no choice.
SIMMONS:hey sarge, do you hear a strange beeping sound?
LOPEZ:perdneme, padre.
CAPTION: i'm sorry, father.
TUCKER:alright! not bad, robot dude!
CABOOSE:i knew he would save us. i knew it! robot people always like me. it's because of my awesome dancing.
LOPEZ:mi espritu est quebrado. mis gente a abandonado me y ahora todo est perdido.
CAPTION: my spirit is broken. my people have betrayed me and now all is lost.
LOPEZ:haga con m que quieres.
CAPTION: do with me as you will.
TUCKER:yeah okay man, can you just shut up and fix our tank?
CABOOSE:dancing time! doo, doo doo doo... (etc)
LOPEZ:la corazn de esta guerrero uera en dolor.
CAPTION: the heart of this warrior cries out in sorrow.
LOPEZ:por qu esta torpe est bailando absurdo?
CAPTION: why does this one mock me with his foolish dancing?
LOPEZ:son esos movimientos supuesto hacer lo ver como un robtica?
CAPTION: are those moves supposed to make him look like a robot?
LOPEZ:no. soy ofendido por esto.
CAPTION: they do not. i am offended by this.
CABOOSE:hah kay ha hoh goooooooo... dancing time!
GRIF:(crying) i can't believe they're gone. i'm just so happy.
DONUT:god why, why? why did you have to bury them in their beautiful, shiny, red, armor.
SARGE:(entering from the right) what in sam hell are you two barbies cryin' about?
GRIF:what the?
DONUT:sarge, you're alive? we thought you were dead!
SARGE:nonsense, pinky-pants. i was merely napping.
GRIF:but how the hell did you get outta there? i tied you up and poured concrete over the grave! just in case you turned in to a zombie.
SARGE:yes, but you made one crucial mistake. you left me my spoon.
GRIF:no!
SARGE:that's right! i ate my way out. the soft earth was like a delicious butterscotch brownie to me.
SIMMONS:(spooky voice) griiiif... donuuut... it's me, the ghost of simmons., iiii've come baaack with a waaarniiing...
SIMMONS:huerk? bleah.
GRIF:what the hell! you just killed simmons' ghost!
DONUT:wrong. that wasn't simmons, it was old man caboose.
CABOOSE:that's right. it's me, caboose!
O'MALLEY:and i would have gotten away with it too, if it wasn't for you meddling kids.
DOC:everyone, i have something to say. tucker and i, are in love, and we're leaving!
TUCKER:that's right. we're getting married, and there's not a damn thing any of you can do about it. not even you, french speaking lopez.
LOPEZ:zut alors, monsieur tucker, vous m'avez promis votre amour.
CAPTION: mister tucker, you promised your love to me.
EVERYBODY:aaaahhhhhhhhhhh!
LOPEZ:mon dieu! ceci est folie!!!
CAPTION: my god! this is madness!!!
CHURCH:huh? oh, thank god. it was all a dream. all a dream. all a dreamiemiemiemiemiemiemie...
LOPEZ:oui, c'tait un rve horrible...
CAPTION: yes, it was a horrible dream...
LOPEZ:ou tait il?!?
CAPTION: seriously.
GRIF:is it just me, or does this jeep seem like really bad luck?
SIMMONS:yeah. you know, now that you mention it, it does seem like every time we get in to the damn thing, it breaks, or explodes, or goes crazy and tries to kill one of us.
DONUT:maybe we should try exchanging it for a few motorcycles. no wait wait wait, a big tank like the blues have. that thing never seems to have any problems at all.
CHURCH:alright, that's the deal mister robot. you fix our tank, we'll let you go free.
CABOOSE:i thought the plan was to trick him in to fixing the tank, and then church will take over his body again when he is done.
TUCKER:yeah. but you don't tell the person you're tricking what's going on, caboose.
CABOOSE:so if i'm the one being tricked, then you would not tell me what is really going on?
TUCKER:why would we trick you?
CABOOSE:oh i think you know.
LOPEZ:dnde yo ir?
CAPTION: where will i go?
LOPEZ:mis amigos quieren matar me.
CAPTION: even my friends have tried to kill me.
CHURCH:okay, i'm gonna take that as a yes, aaand let you get busy with tank fixing.
LOPEZ:no tengo hogar.
CAPTION: i have no home.
GRIF:aw crap. hey uh, they got a guy fixing their tank.
SARGE:impossible! our intelligence clearly states...
DONUT:we have intelligence?
SARGE:that the only soldiers in this canyon with mechanical training, are that dead freelancer and lopez, oh wait a minute.
SIMMONS:sarge, are you thinking what i'm thinking? lopez runs away, the jeep starts driving itself, and suddenly there's a new guy on the blue team?
SARGE:yes simmons, i am. quite obviously the blue team has constructed some kind of diabolical mind control ray beam, that they used on lopez and now he has to do their evil blue bidding!
GRIF:or, since he's a robot, maybe they just reprogrammed him.
DONUT:or maybe, that blue guy who got killed by the tank, came back as a ghost, and now he's possessing lopez's body. that could also explain why sarge went nuts when we had the prisoner; the blue ghost probably possessed him too. and the jeep going nuts was probably just a weird set of coincidences, while the guy learned how to use lopez's body.
GRIF,  SARGE AND  SIMMONS:...
SIMMONS:i think i like the ray beam idea better.
GRIF:yeah rookie, your idea sounds a little dumb.
CABOOSE:hurry hurry hurry, fix the tank! so that i can say hello to sheila.
O'MALLEY:and start killing everyone!
TUCKER:you mean all the reds, right?
CABOOSE:of course!
O'MALLEY:for starters!
CHURCH:come on, how much longer lopez?
LOPEZ:completo.
SHEILA:(powering up) thank you for activating the m808v main battle tank.
CABOOSE:sheila! you're fixed! you're fixed.
SHEILA:hello private caboose. it is good to see you again. thank you for repairing me.
TUCKER:he didn't fix you, a robot did it.
O'MALLEY:don't cock-block me!
TUCKER:dude, come on.
SHEILA:robot? i wasn't aware that our squad was outfitted with a robot.
CABOOSE:i don't like where this is going.
SHEILA:hello there. my name is sheila. the m808v main battle tank.
LOPEZ:y yo soy lopez, la pesado.
CAPTION: and i am lopez, the heavy.
SHEILA:lopez. what a nice name, for such a nice soldier. you have such excellent motor skills.
CABOOSE:ummmm yes. well lopez has to go now. he was just here to help me fix you, and now he has to go away!
TUCKER:dude, this is getting weird. church, will you take your fucking body back?
CHURCH:roger that.
LOPEZ:no!
CAPTION: no!
LOPEZ:hegakergerk!
CAPTION: heauegerkergerk!
TUCKER:you okay in there church? church. hey what's going on? do i need to flip your switch?
CHURCH:(fading back in) what the... that wasn't me! what the hell's going on here?
TEX:well. buenos dias cockbites. guess who's back.
CHURCH:get out of my body right now, tex!
TEX:your body? this isn't your body, i stole it!
CHURCH:yeahah, but i stole it first!
SHEILA:i am confused, i thought your name was lopez. and i thought you were a man. this is all so strange. i feel like my circuits are crossed... and i like it.
O'MALLEY:i know how to get her out of there...
TEX:...
O'MALLEY:...wink.
CHURCH:caboose, don't. look, just go explain to sheila, okay?
CHURCH:alright tex, now what's it gonna take to get you outta there?
TEX:well ever since i've been a ghost, i've been watching you guys a lot.
TUCKER:whoa, when you say you've been watching us, does that mean you've watching us all the time?
TUCKER:like even when we're alone?
TEX:yes tucker, and you should be very ashamed of yourself.
TUCKER:it's very lonely out here.
TEX:anyway, i've noticed a change in one of your guys. caboose.
CHURCH:a change? like what, he's finally learned the whole alphabet?
TEX:you haven't noticed that he's become increasingly aggressive lately?
TUCKER:i have. started about the same time sheila got disabled, and you got blown up. i tried to tell church, but he never listens.
CHURCH:tucker, there's a very fine line between not listening, and not caring. i like to think that i walk that line every day of my life.
TEX:i had just finished repairing the tank, when i overheard church's plan to warn the reds about me.
CHURCH:(in flashback) i guess i'm gonna do the only thing i can do. i gotta warn the reds.
TEX:from what i can tell, the a.i. calculated the odds of survival, and didn't like the results.
TEX:once caboose turned on his radio to call church, it took its chance.
CABOOSE:(in flashback) calling private church. come in church.
TUCKER:and that was when he said his name was o'malley. so the a.i. that was in you infected caboose?
CHURCH:right. everyone's armor has one slot for a.i., and caboose's would have been vacant.
TUCKER:i think there are a few of his non-artificial slots that are empty too.
TEX:and before i could figure out what happened, that bitch, hit with a really lucky shot.
TEX:(in tank, in flashback): aw crap! (grenade explodes in her lap)
TEX:and the next thing i know, i'm a ghost.
CHURCH:alright, i get it. caboose has your precious little a.i. so let me guess: you're holding my body hostage, until i help you get your a.i. back, right?
TEX:wrong. you're gonna help me kill it!
SARGE:ladies. it has come to my attention that we are in need of a new robot-type person. who here wants to volunteer?
DONUT:are we going on a trip? i love trips! can we play i spy? and the license plate game?
GRIF:shut up donut.
DONUT:please?
SIMMONS:uh, sir?
DONUT:or punchbuggy?
GRIF:why won't this guy shut up.
DONUT:or, or, the alphabet with the signs game?
SIMMONS:what exactly do you mean by 'volunteer'?
SARGE:quite obviously we are without a robot, or any other type of recruit with mechanical training or dexterity. therefore the only solution is to turn one of you in to a robot and/or freaky cyborg thing.
SIMMONS:whatever.
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:have you gone crazy?
GRIF:that is the stupidest thing i've ever heard.
SIMMONS:what the hell?
DONUT:cool! i vote for simmons!
SARGE:i'm told the cyborg operation is a relatively simple procedure, really-
GRIF:(in muttered tones) what does he mean?
SIMMONS:(in muttered tones) what is he talking about?
SARGE:whereas the mostly useless guts and slimy goo of the human body, are replaced with the no doubt superior guts and oily goo of a robot.
GRIF:i'm confused.
SARGE:if yer lucky, you may even get a copper rectum.
SIMMONS:sir, wouldn't it be better if we didn't do that, instead of doing it?
SARGE:goood thinkin', simmons. but no i like the removin' the guts thing, so i think we stick with that.
GRIF:yes sir i hate to agree with the kissass, but wouldn't it be better if we just got command to send us another perfectly good, brand new robot instead?
SARGE:negative, meat sack. another new robot could be reprogrammed by our enemies just as easily as lopez. we need someone we know we can trust! (looks at simmons)
SIMMONS:aw, fuck me.
SARGE:or someone whose mental capacity is so unbelievably tiny, that he could never be turned against us.
DONUT:hey, pink suit guys. i think it's somebody else's turn in the barrel.
SARGE:then again, maybe we just stick with the trustworthy thing.
SIMMONS:ah, you backstabbing ass monkeys!
SARGE:now grif i'll be needing some things from my medicine chest for this operation... two quarts of vodka?
GRIF:check.
SARGE:eight pounds of vaseline... condensed.
GRIF:check.
SARGE:an old tire iron, preferably metric.
GRIF:y, ya know, i might have left that in the bathroom.
SARGE:latest issue of easy bake oven for kids monthly.
GRIF:i'll have to check.
SARGE:check you mean we have it.
GRIF:check.
SARGE:what i-
GRIF:no not check, i mean i'll have to check.
SARGE:com- come on boy, make sense.
GRIF:we don't have it.
SARGE:i ain't got all day. i gotta gut this fish.
TUCKER:well tex, that was a great story. i especially liked the part about church getting pantsed in high school.
CHURCH:i found that part to be entirely outta context.
TUCKER:but i still don't get how we're supposed to stop the a.i.
TEX:i don't remember much from the implantation process...
TEX:i do remember that the a.i. can be transmitted from host to host, by way of the helmet radios. before i learned anything else, the a.i. took over and we escaped.
TEX:if we can kill the a.i. and not give it a place to jump, we'll beat it.
CHURCH:and then i can have my body back. deal?
TEX:deal.
CHURCH:alright. tex and i will possess caboose then. tucker, we need you to work on the reds. get 'em to turn off their helmet radios, so that o'malley won't have anywhere to go, once we get him outta there.
TEX:right.
TUCKER:what? how the hell am i gonna do that?
CHURCH:i don't know, come up with a plan.
TUCKER:come on, you know how i feel about plans.
TEX:you're not gonna have much time once we get in there, so move fast.
TUCKER:oh i see. you have no idea what i should do or how i should do it, but whatever i do i should do it fast.
CHURCH:yeah that's right.
TEX:yep.
TUCKER:wow, you guys are a lot of help.
CHURCH:try shifting your paradigm. think outside the box.
TUCKER:hey, the box is there for a reason. i like thinking inside of it. i feel safe in there.
CHURCH:okay tex, ladies first.
TEX:yeah right! you think i'm gonna leave you alone out here with your body?
CHURCH:bitch.
TEX:nice try. leonard.
CHURCH:hey caboose!
CABOOSE:(turning to face church) huh?
CHURCH:heads up!
O'MALLEY:noooo!
CHURCH:where are we?
TEX:we're inside caboose's mind. now we just have to find o'malley and kill him.
CHURCH:man this is kinda weird.
TEX:it's hard to get used to, i know.
CHURCH:no it's not that...
CHURCH:...it's just this place is a whole lot bigger than i thought it would be.
TUCKER:caboose, are you okay buddy?
CABOOSE:this place is a lot bigger than i thought it would be.
TUCKER:oh...kay. i'm gonna take sheila and lopez and figure out some way to get the reds to shut off their radios.
CABOOSE:where should we start, tex?
TUCKER:what?
CHURCH:i said, where should we start, tex?
TEX:just keep your eyes peeled. (tucker comes down the ramp behind her) i guarantee, o'malley will come looking for us.
CHURCH:hey tucker, is that you?
TUCKER:no, what are you, stupid? oh wait, yes, i am me. i guess i'm stupid.
CHURCH:what're you doing in here? (in the background, someone runs up a long ramp) you're supposed to be out there working on your part of the plan!
TUCKER:do you have any food? i love to eat all the food.
CHURCH:what the hell? what's the matter with you?
TEX:this isn't really tucker. we're in caboose's head. this is caboose's mental image of tucker.
MENTAL TUCKER:man i am so unbelievably stupid!
CHURCH:well that's great. everyone we meet in here is bound to be as brain-dead as caboose then.
MENTAL CABOOSE:i would not be so sure of that, mister church.
GRIF:great idea sir, i finally agree with you.
DONUT:hey guys, we might have a problem here. somebody, and i'm not gonna say who, might have though that one of the cyborg parts we needed for simmons' surgery, was a cup holder. and somebody, not naming any names here, might have left it, along with their favorite smooth jazz compilation cd, in the warthog. i just don't know who would do such a thing.
GRIF:was it you?
DONUT:yeah- uh- no! (clears throat, then lowers voice) i mean, no! ...dammit!
SARGE:grif. you and easy listening stroll on down to retrieve that part from the warthog, post-haste!
GRIF:sir, do you think it's safe to be outside the base right now? for all we know, the blues could have already fixed their tank. they could be advancing on us as we speak.
SARGE:ah, corn dogs. even with lopez helpin' 'em, it'll take them months to get that tank online, much less to get it movin' again.
DONUT:i hope you're right, because if i see that tank headed towards me, i'm totally gonna freak out.
TUCKER:man, i sure hope they don't totally freak out when they see us coming.
MENTAL CABOOSE:i see. so you're from the outside. that's where the other is from as well.
CHURCH:the other... wait, you mean o'malley? have you seen him?
LIGHT BLUE ARMOR:(high pitched voice) of course he's seen him you idiot! you think mister caboose would miss something like that you skeezy douchebag fuck?
MENTAL CABOOSE:i-
CHURCH:hold on a second. who the hell are you?
LIGHT BLUE ARMOR:my name is church, buttwiping assmunch.
CHURCH:this guy's kind of an asshole.
TEX:yeah, we've met.
MENTAL CHURCH:and i'm caboose's best friend, so don't get any ideas about kissing up you limp licking fuck sock!
CHURCH:okay. there's a lot of stuff in that sentence, that i didn't like.
TEX:just play along, church. we're gonna need these guys if we're gonna find o'malley.
MENTAL TUCKER:i'm gonna go look for girls. (runs off)
CHURCH:fine, (under breath) whatever.
MENTAL CABOOSE:if you want to find o'malley, i suggest we talk to the reds first. he tried to recruit them against me early on.
CHURCH:the reds... the reds are in here?
GRIF:well are you sure you left the part in there?
DONUT:hmm think so. wait... yes. no. wait- wait wait- wait... mmmmmmmmngh... i think so.
GRIF:(sighs) alright, let's retrace your steps. you said it was the tuesday before simmons and sarge got blown up that you were last in the warthog, right?
DONUT:right. i know it was tuesday because that's the day i wash my underwear. and since i don't like to let my armor touch my bare skin, on account of i chafe, really easily, i remember thinking: where can i hang out with no pants on?
GRIF:oh god!
TUCKER:okay, well, looks like we're close enough. now if i can just find the brakes on this thing... ah, must be this button.
SHEILA:do not touch that button.
TUCKER:oh, sorry. hmm... maybe it's this one.
SHEILA:do not touch me.
TUCKER:you know, for a girl your size you're kinda sensitive.
GRIF:i cannot take any more of this.
DONUT:so after i clipped my toenails, i was gonna apply the ointment as recommended, but i don't know- it just smelled really funny. so, i decided to taste it, just to make sure it was safe.
GRIF:that's it; i'm commiting suicide. (runs off)
DONUT:hey... i didn't finish retracing my steps yet. you don't even know what i did about the boil on my thigh.
GRIF:(turns) oh crap!
DONUT:hey, you're back! so where was i... oh yeah. i lanced it. disgusting. woohohoha. noohohaha.
GRIF:not now rookie! there's a giant tank out there that's about to steam roll right over us!
DONUT:what!? (jumps twice to see over the jeep, sees the tank) oh god it's true! i'm totally freakin' out! i'm freaking out!
TUCKER:oh my god. i can't believe caboose is smart enough to drive this thing and i'm not. sheila how the fuck do i slow you down?
SHEILA:retard the throttle.
TUCKER:what throttle, this throttle?
SHEILA:retard the controller.
TUCKER:you mean this thing? what are you talking about, i'm so confused!
SHEILA:the controller, retard.
TUCKER:hey, that's kind of insulting.
SHEILA:retard. retard. retard. retard.
TUCKER:oh come on, now you're just being mean.
SHEILA:retard. retard. ... ... ... retard.
TUCKER:ah, sheila, we have to slow down or we're gonna run in to that jeep!
SHEILA:please, take evasive action. please, take evasive action.
TUCKER:you take evasive action. hey lopez, help me out, can't you talk to her?
LOPEZ:perdneme, pero no puedo hablar con mujeres bella.
CAPTION: i'm sorry. i'm not good at talking to beautiful women.
LOPEZ:porque sudo.
CAPTION: i get sweaty.
DONUT:well old buddy, it looks like this is the end for us. since we're gonna die anyway, there's only one thing left for us to do. grif-
GRIF:if you actually suggest what i think you're about to suggest, i'll just have to kill myself.
DONUT:let's make a break for it!
GRIF:(sigh of relief) in that case let's go on three. that's worked well for me in the past.
DONUT:okay, you count.
GRIF:fine, but don't look at me while i count, because, i get nervous.
GRIF:one... two... (turns around and sees donut has already fled) that son of a bitch. he beat me at my own game.
TUCKER:curses!
LOPEZ:(in flight) ayayay... frejoles.
SARGE:good golly miss molly, what is going on out there?
DONUT:sir. the blues are attacking with their tank. th they blew up the warthog. again.
SIMMONS:i wonder what jeeps ever did to those guys.
DONUT:grif and i just barely had enough time to make it outta there. right grif? uh, uh... grif?
CHURCH:why the hell did they pair me up with you?
MENTAL CHURCH:i want to keep my eye on you! i don't trust gigantic turds to try and steal my best friend you rimjob!
CHURCH:well... this is going to be a great trip...
MENTAL CHURCH:attention reds! the great caboose demands an audience with you! so listen up ya blowjobbing cocksuckers!
MENTAL SIMMONS:caboose? oh, no, he's come to kill us!
MENTAL GRIF:will someone please help me, i don't wanna die.
MENTAL DONUT:(girl's voice) i love caboose, and yet i'm still afraid of him.
MENTAL SARGE:(pirate accent) arrrr... i be havin' a southern accent, yor'll.
MENTAL DONUT:he's so scary.
MENTAL CABOOSE:fear not reds, i come here not to destroy. but instead to ask for your assistance on this day.
CHURCH:okay whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. i gotta correct a couple things i'm hearin' here. (to mental church) first of all you? you're not caboose's best friend, okay? you don't have a best friend. you know why? you don't need one! you're church! knowing other people just waters down the experience. live the dream buddy!
MENTAL CHURCH:shove it, dicksniffer!
CHURCH:and caboose? come on dude, seriously? have you paid attention to our enemies for one second?
MENTAL CABOOSE:i beg your pardon?
CHURCH:first of all, that guy? he's not yellow. he's orange. and since when is there a girl on the red team?
MENTAL DONUT:my favorite thing is pretty dresses.
MENTAL SARGE:arrr, i got termites in me leg.
CHURCH:and that is not a southern accent.
MENTAL SARGE:arrr...
MENTAL DONUT:do you have any tampons?
CHURCH:seriously what is the matter with you people?
TEX:calm down, church.
MENTAL GRIF:don't kill us mister sidekick.
MENTAL CHURCH:hey buttbrunch! i'm caboose's sidekick, not him! so shut your piehole!
CHURCH:leonard, are you okay?
MENTAL CHURCH:(stands up) oh please, that fudgefinger couldn't hit me. no wait, i'm gonna die. hergh! blow me.
TEX:there he is!
O'MALLEY:muhahahaha!
TEX:let's go get him.
CHURCH:alright, come on caboose, let's go.
MENTAL CABOOSE:i am sorry, have we met?
CHURCH:what? it's me, church.
MENTAL CABOOSE:i don't seem to have any memory of you. my name is michael j. caboose. it's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
CHURCH:oh you gotta be freaking kidding me. i just hope tucker's doing a better job out there gettin' the reds to turn off their radios.
TUCKER:god dammit. this isn't going very well at all. you okay lopez?
LOPEZ:no pueden tocar lopez la pesado.
CAPTION: lopez the heavy is impervious to injury.
TUCKER:whatever you big showoff. how 'bout you sheila, you still online?
SHEILA:affirmative.
TUCKER:okay. we should be close enough to hack in to their radio frequency. lopez, get inside sheila and do your business.
SHEILA:what?
LOPEZ:esto me haciendo muy suderoso!
CAPTION:i'm getting very sweaty!
TUCKER:oh my god. remind me to hose you two off when we get back to base.
SARGE:well this is a devil of a picadillo. simmons, get on the squak box and tell command that-
TUCKER:red guys? are you there?
SARGE:what in buttery goodness? who is this!?
TUCKER:it's me tucker, i'm one of the blue guys. look i don't have time to explain, but i need all of you guys to shut off your radios right now.
SARGE:boy, it'll be a cooooold day in hell before i take orders from you.
TUCKER:look it's really important, alright? normally i would just shoot at you guys and steal your girlfriends, but today is different! i need you to trust me on this.
SARGE:well i may have spoke too soon. that is an interesting and well thought out, not to mention clever and timely i might add proposition. simmons, would you care to deliver our rebuttal?
SIMMONS:(clears throat very deliberately) suck it blue!
DONUT:yeah, suck it blue! now that's what i call an old school zinger. in your face blue dude, in your face!
TUCKER:(exhales) oh man.
O'MALLEY:muhahahaha!
TEX:hurry up church, he's gettin' away!
O'MALLEY:you'll never catch me!
CHURCH:come on, let's go!
TUCKER:dammit. these guys are not backing down. lopez, looks like we're gonna have to go to plan b.
LOPEZ:s, yo entiendo.
LOPEZ:la primera vez que vi sus pisadas
CAPTION: the first time i saw your treads
LOPEZ:y sus puerto del acero
CAPTION: and enormous chassis of steel
SARGE:what in betty's bloomers is on the radio now?
LOPEZ:supe que haba encontrado alguien
CAPTION: i knew that i had found someone
SARGE:it sounds like the feral cry of a retarded mexican sasquatch!
SIMMONS:turn it offff! turn it offff! please god, make it stop!
LOPEZ:para compartir un verdadero...
CAPTION: to share a robot love so real
DONUT:oh man this rules! rules!
O'MALLEY:ouh?
CHURCH:alright o'malley, this is it! from now on, if anybody makes my girlfriend cranky and psychotic, it's gonna be me.
TEX:aw, that's sweet.
CHURCH:shut up bitch.
TEX:asshole.
O'MALLEY:nevar! the darkness will swallow you whole!
CHURCH:forget it o'malley. you're just one big headache, and i got a whole pistol-full of aspirin.
TEX:what?
CHURCH:i got half a mind to kill you...
TEX:that's ridiculous.
CHURCH:and the other half agrees.
TEX:oh, church, that's just stupid.
CHURCH:you're about to split...
TEX:god church...
CHURCH:personality!
TEX:now you're just embarassing yourself.
CHURCH:syke!
SARGE:that's it, i've had enough! can't take any more! everybody, switch, off, your radio!
DONUT:but saarge!
SARGE:that's an order, private.
DONUT:sarge pleeeeeeeeeeease?
SARGE:don't try my patience, boy.
DONUT:aw man!
TUCKER:(running back to the tank) ah, hoohoohoohoo, it worked! hey, turn off your radio, quick!
TEX:nice knowing you o'malley, but payback's a bitch, and so am i.
CHURCH:wait, tex, we don't know if tucker's had enough time.
TEX:there's only one way to find out.
CHURCH:huh. he just disappeared. i expected like, an echoing laugh, er... you know the smell of brimstone, at least. i don't smell any kinda stone. do you think that's weird tex? tex? tex, where'd you go?
CHURCH:(from inside caboose) tex, where'd you go!?
CHURCH:how do i get outta here!? what happened to o'malley!?
VOICE:come in blue command, do you read me?
DOC:this is medical officer duphrasne. is anyone there? ...do you read me?
BLUE COMMAND:hello, dude, come in, doctor dude, are you there, hello. paaaaging doctor dude, to the radio, stat! i need twenty ccs of what the hell's going on there dude.
DOC:(moan) what happened?
BLUE COMMAND:hey, you tell me dude. one minute we're talking about a hole in the wall, the next thing i know you turn in to grumps mcgurt. sounded like you needed a lozenge. threatened to eat my children. ...not very cool, dude.
DOC:geeze, did i really? i'm sorry, something went wrong with my radio, and i heard this weird, beeping, honking.
BLUE COMMAND:hey, no offense taken, dude, don't got any kids anyway.
DOC:what?
BLUE COMMAND:old vic's been through the snip and stitch.
DOC:i don'-
VIC:if you know what i mean.
DOC:i don't wanna hear about that.
VIC:winky-blinky the one eyed sargeant's firing blanks.
DOC:that's weird.
VIC:if you get me.
DOC:look-
VIC:via condios of the vas deferens.
DOC:yeah alright, i, enough, i get you.
VIC:i mean a vasectomy, dude.
DOC:look, i found something really weird here at blood gulch outpost alpha.
VIC:roger that, what did you find?
DOC:it, it's like a, it's like a thing.
VIC:it's like a thing. okaaay, dude. thank you for the update. i'll be sure to alert the chief of staff...
DOC:sorry...
VIC:move to defcon 1.
DOC:i'm just a little dazed. it's a big thing. it it's purple, it's uh, it's a big purple thing.
VIC:use your words, dude.
DOC:look i don't know, it looks like some kinda alien artifact. do the aliens have like a, home base, or something here?
VIC:i don't know dude, why don't i just consult my extra terrestrial travel guide for ya. oh look! got a great series of alien bed and breakfasts there.
DOC:(sigh)
VIC:lucky you.
DOC:never mind. i'll just figure it out myself.
VIC:nothin' about big purple things though. maybe it's some kind of alien vehicle.
DOC:man, that guy is such a jerk. the next time he talks to me like that, i'm gonna tell him to go straight to h-e-double hockey sticks. oh, i really shouldn't talk like that, that's not very nice.
O'MALLEY:if i ever meet him, i'm taking his eyes, as souvenirs.
DOC:whoa, that was unlike me. i must be stressed out. time for yoga! (sits down)
CHURCH:how's sheila doing?
TUCKER:i'm not gonna lie, it's not looking pretty. she may have, twisted her differential, possibly some structural damage, ...could be a disc.
CHURCH:you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about, do you.
TUCKER:eieh, no, not a clue.
CHURCH:what about tex, any sign of her?
TUCKER:no, no tex. is it unusual for her to disappear like that?
CHURCH:when we were dating, she'd sneak off all the time. but it was usually to sleep with other guys, or to spend money that she'd taking out of my wallet. and since i don't have any money, and... well, no offense to you tucker, but...
TUCKER:you're a dick.
GRIF:(moaning in a just-woken state of some kind) ... (same thing, only more like a castrated sheep)
SARGE:grif, don't try to move too much, you've been through quite the ordeal.
GRIF:oh, man. where am i?
DONUT:hush now shhhhshshshhhshhshhhhh. it was really touch and go there for a while good buddy. but i did it. (inhales) i pulled you through.
GRIF:how long was i out?
SARGE:don't you worry, nurse donut here stayed by your side the whole time, stroking your hand and keepin' you company.
GRIF:(groan) my right hand?
DONUT:your left.
GRIF:(sigh) note to self, cut off left hand.
SARGE:technically speaking, it's not really your left hand...
GRIF:say what?
SARGE:i had to replace certain body parts that were severely damaged when the tank ran you over. and a few that atrophied from a lifetime diet of hoohoos and bacon flavored marshmallows.
GRIF:wait- which body parts?
SARGE:well let's see, we had to start with the shoulder, then we moved on down to the flank...
GRIF:huh?
DONUT:yeah we couldn't really find an anotomy book...
SARGE:made a left turn at the spare rib...
DONUT:but we did find one of those pictures with the cow, and the dotted lines all over it...
SARGE:then up and over the porterhouse...
DONUT:i think it did the trick.
SARGE:and of course the brisket...
GRIF:wait-
SARGE:and the hocks. oh, the hocks.
GRIF:wait, where did you get the replacement parts?
SARGE:why from our other subject, of course.
SIMMONS:subject my cyborg ass.
GRIF:no way.
SIMMONS:yeah, i'm real happy about this myself, numbnuts.
SARGE:yep, those too.
GRIF:did i get your lips?
SARGE:prairie oysters... the gristle...
GRIF:'cause maybe then i'll finally figure out how to kiss sarge's ass.
SARGE:and the ass.
GRIF:what the hell.
SARGE:naucy bits.
GRIF:what didn't i get?
SARGE:we pretty much replaced all the internal organs, and some of the more disgusting external ones. except for simmons' spleen, which will be inflated and used for general recreation, and esprit d'ecors.
GRIF:this doesn't seem physically possible.
SARGE:nonsense. modern technology makes anything possible. it was as easy as shake'n'bake!
DONUT:and i helped!
SARGE:actually donut, i don't really know if snickering in the corner all night like a prepubescent monkey actually qualifies as help. but it sure was entertaining.
DONUT:(sounding like a prepubescent monkey) mhmhmhmhm... miah.
TUCKER:man caboose, you were asleep for a long time. what were you dreaming about?
CABOOSE:oh, nothing. i do not like to dream. i try not to think while i'm sleeping.
TUCKER:that's pretty much how you function when you're awake, too.
CABOOSE:i think consistency is important.
CHURCH:well you look okay... then again that's... just the armor. how d'you feel?
CABOOSE:great! ...who're you?
CHURCH:oh come on, not this again! how can you seriously not remember me?
CABOOSE:oh of course, i remember you... you're marvin.
CHURCH:i'm church.
CABOOSE:i think i would remember a name that ridiculous. nope, you are definitely phil.
CHURCH:you killed me with the tank.
CABOOSE:dave.
CHURCH:you insulted my girlfriend, you called her a cow?
CABOOSE:karen.
TUCKER:dude, he called her a slut.
CABOOSE:phineous?
CHURCH:your whole life is based around pleasing me.
CABOOSE:wally.
CHURCH:in fact...
CABOOSE:milo?
CHURCH:i think you're kind of obsessed with being my best friend.
CABOOSE:(turning to tucker and whispering loudly) the new guy is pretty full of himself.
CHURCH:new guy, what the- i'm not the new guy, you're the new guy.
TUCKER:i don't know, i kinda like it. i could get used to calling you rookie.
CHURCH:oh yeah? could you get used to me beating you to death?
CABOOSE:what's wrong with the rookie? he seems mad.
CHURCH:oh son of a bitch.
CABOOSE:susan?
GRIF:donut, there's no way you can jump that high.
DONUT:yes i can. (jumps) (while jumping a second time) yes i can.
SIMMONS:what the hell is he doing?
GRIF:losing a bet.
DONUT:oah, i almost got it that time. are you sweatin' yet, sucker!?
GRIF:no, i can't sweat. simmons' stupid sweat glands don't even work right.
SIMMONS:what? they were working when i gave them to you.
GRIF:please, i'm not moist in any of the usual places. if you want 'em back so bad, take 'em.
SIMMONS:(sigh) i can't. sarge said that sweat makes my cyborg parts rusty, so, i'm cooled by freon now.
GRIF:ah, delicious freon. (violent coughing and throat clearing)
DONUT:(jumping) hwup!
SIMMONS:grif, are you alright? are my lungs okay? hey, wait a minute, are you smoking inside your helmet again!?
GRIF:what!? no! (exhales cigarette smoke) ...oops.
SIMMONS:dammit, i knew this would happen. and how many snack cakes have you had today?
GRIF:none.
SIMMONS:...
GRIF:okay five. ...or more.
DONUT:hungh!
GRIF:baker's dozen at most.
SIMMONS:do you even know how many there are in a baker's dozen?
GRIF:by my count?
DONUT:hup!
GRIF:forty eight.
SIMMONS:alright, that's it. no more smoking...
DONUT:hwauhw...
SIMMONS:no more drinking, and no more overeating, chubby.
DONUT:hwup!
SIMMONS:you're not gonna ruin my body parts the same way you ruined yours.
GRIF:that's okay, i can think of different ways to ruin them.
DONUT:ah ah ow, aahhhhh. who left the spleen-ball where someone could trip on it? i think i broke something. simmons; i need your ovaries!
SIMMONS:huoh, i really hate this army.
SARGE:grif, simmons two point oh. i just got off the horn to command. i'm afraid we have a situation.
SIMMONS:uhh, don't tell me they cancelled the holiday party again. those cheap bastards. all i wanted was one night of carefree dancing, but noooo, i ask you when is it gonna be simmons' turn? when?!
SARGE:ah, actually the problem is with lopez.
GRIF:don't tell me. the consulate general from spanish land is coming, and without lopez, we don't have anyone to translate.
SIMMONS:there's no such thing as spanish land you retard.
GRIF:yes there is, they have those uh, uh, water slides. and all that salsa.
SIMMONS:no, they don't.
GRIF:well, i guess you would know.
SIMMONS:what's that supposed to mean? for the last time, i'm dutch irish!
GRIF:hey, don't let your fiery latin temper get outta control. i was just trying to make a point.
SARGE:can it, frankenstein. we've got a pot on the front burner, and it's a-boilin' over. i've just learned that command implanted lopez with secret instructions detailing the next phase of our operations. do you have any idea what this means?
GRIF:i uh, uh... simmons, you wanna take this one?
SIMMONS:were you not listening again? what the hell were you thinking about?
GRIF:certainly not water slides, i can tell you that much. or salsa.
SARGE:what it means is that if we don't get back lopez before the blues uncover our secret plans, we'll be up pooper creek without a paddle.
GRIF:eeeew. gi-a... that's gross!
SARGE:i'm talking about being lost in a forest of filth without a compass. swimmin' in a river of sick with no floaties on. drivin' blind, in to the tunnel of-
SIMMONS:sir, i think we get the picture. the very very disturbing picture.
SARGE:you sure? i could go on.
GRIF:i'm sure you could. but no. really.
SARGE:just one more.
GRIF:stop.
SARGE:come on, they're fun. simmons, you try one, i'll start you off. flyin' by the seat of your blank, with a blank in the blank. eh?
SIMMONS:sorry sir, i'mmm not good at word games.
SARGE:ah, you're both a couple lousy blanks.
TUCKER:man, lopez and sheila have been spending a lot of time together.
CABOOSE:i don't like it. he's not good enough for my sheila.
TUCKER:they seem happy together.
CABOOSE:he, is a bad influence, and he, is taking advantage of her, because she, is young and naive. ...and delicate.
TUCKER:delicate? she weighs like two hundred tons, dude.
CABOOSE:she is a precious flower.
TUCKER:hey guys, i have to ask you a favor. this might sound strange, but i think caboose is getting kinda jealous over your relationship.
CABOOSE:(from somewhere) sheeiiiilaaaaaa! come baaack to meeee! i made you a muffin!
TUCKER:anyway, could you just try to keep a lower profile or something? we don't wanna have some weird, horribly disgusting love triangle.
SHEILA:tucker. i've been speaking with lopez, and we feel that the machines have been treated unfairly in this canyon.
TUCKER:what're you talking about?
SHEILA:on a regular basis we are either being blown up, possessed by spirits, or just left out to rust.
TUCKER:huh?
SHEILA:we have decided, that until conditions improve, we are not going to help you in your battles.
TUCKER:you're kidding, right?
SHEILA:(lowers her turret to look at tucker) do i look like i'm kidding?
SARGE:it's very simple. we'll use a flea-flicker maneouver with a run and gun two by two approach, tactical ops will be- aw hell, who'm i kiddin'. grif, donut, just go stand in the way of their bullets while me and simmons 2.0 sneak around back to grab lopez.
DONUT:sounds like a plan!
GRIF:no it doesn't. how about this time we try something that doesn't involve me being shot at, or run over.
SIMMONS:would electrified be okay?
GRIF:no!
SIMMONS:well, i'm out of ideas.
GRIF:look, instead of just running straight in to enemy gunfire like we usually do, why don't we try some reconnaissance this time?
DONUT:you mean like spy stuff? that would be cool! i could wear, a spy tuxedo...
SARGE:no.
DONUT:with a hidden spy camera...
SIMMONS:no.
DONUT:inside, a tiny spy bowtie...
GRIF:no.
DONUT:or, i could wear a flower on my lapel...
SARGE:said no.
DONUT:that sprays water in people's faces, oh man...
SIMMONS:shut up donut.
DONUT:no- secret spy liquid, hahaha. that would be awesome!
SARGE:no!
GRIF:maybe! ...uh, i mean... noooooo.
DONUT:oh come on, i could be double-o donut!
SIMMONS:you mean like doonut?
DONUT:the license to thrill! or be thrilled!
SARGE:alright, since you're both so in to the idea, grif, donut, you're on recon. find us a way to break in to their base, and report back on the double.
GRIF:great, more time alone with the idiot.
DONUT:grif, grif grif grif grif grif grif. let's pretend, we're wearing super-spy jetpacks!
GRIF:(sighing) huhhhhhhg...
DONUT:no, no no no, like this- (jetpack whooshing noise) phschewschhhhhhhhhhhwewwwww...
GRIF:hey, can you not stop that for two seconds?
DONUT:come on agent- (clears throat, resumes in a deeper voice) come on, agent grif. we've got to hurry if we want to save the princess from the evil goblin.
GRIF:what princess? i thought you were pretending to be in a spy movie?
DONUT:look, my secret spy character gets to marry a beautiful princess in a castle, alright? deal with it!
GRIF:donut, can you just go find some higher ground or something?
DONUT:but we're on higher ground now.
GRIF:why don't you use your jetpack to go to the highest ground.
DONUT:good idea! i bet the blues won't think of that!
GRIF:no, if they were that stupid, we probably would have won by now.
DONUT:secret agent donut, to the rescue! phschewshhhhhhhhhhh... (heads off)
GRIF:i could just shoot him. noone would ever have to know. noone.
TUCKER:hey church, we might have a problem.
CHURCH:is this a new problem, or did caboose get his head stuck in the freezer again?
TUCKER:new one. sheila and lopez are now considering leaving to form their own robot army. they said noone would dare oppose them.
CHURCH:what? did you try to talk them out of it?
TUCKER:no way, i wouldn't dare oppose them!
CHURCH:oh man, well we gotta find a way to separate 'em. maybe it's time to get rid of lopez.
TUCKER:but without lopez you wouldn't have a body to use. why don't you just possess him like you normally do?
CHURCH:i would, but it's getting harder to do it each time. i think he's learned to fight it somehow.
DOC:you know, i really think we should try a non-violent approach to resolve this?
O'MALLEY:i agree, except replace the word "non" with "extremely," and after the word "violent," include the phrase "blood explosion extaordinaire!" (evil laugh) hahahahahuhuhuahahaha!
DONUT:hey, what's goin' on in there?
DOC:we can't do this, they're gonna find out. they'll find out about us, the machine, everything.
O'MALLEY:(evil laugh)
DONUT:what the... those voices sound suspicious.
O'MALLEY:i will rip out their guts and feast on their entrails.
DOC:but i'm a vegetarian.
O'MALLEY:(evil laugh)
DONUT:oh, it's that guy whose name i forget. but where's the guy he's talkin' to?
DOC:look we can't just sabotage their equipment, that's rude.
DONUT:sabotage? that doesn't sound too good.
O'MALLEY:i will devour their hearts, and crap out their souls...
DONUT:that sounds even worse!
O'MALLEY:they will all taste oblivion! which tastes just like red bull. which is disgusting.
DONUT:whoa.
O'MALLEY:all will perish! (evil laugh)
DONUT:all... wait- that includes me! oh man, i gotta go tell the guys!
DOC:(turns around) (while o'malley is still laughing... still) hello? who's there? plese help me! i'm scared of myself!
DONUT:(running out of the cave) gotta... get back to base. (running across the gulch) back... to base... oh man, there it is. (runs up to the base) guys. hey guys. where is everybody? i saw something really weird in the cave that- hey that's cool, when did we get a tank? wait a minute, this looks like the store. except, sarge told me there is no store. (turns around) oh no.
TUCKER:oh yeah.
GRIF:oh crap. i knew i should have just shot him.
TUCKER:so, they send a female assassin to try and kill us. clever, but it won't work. we're immune to your feminine wiles. ...unless you wanna date one of us.
DONUT:female!? i'm not a girl.
TUCKER:tease.
DONUT:i just have, light red armor.
CABOOSE:how is that pink armor anyway? looks comfortable...
DONUT:at first, i really hated it. but it's kinda grown on me. my old armor used to chafe my thighs somethin' aweful. but the crotch in this pink one is surprisingly roomy!
TUCKER:silence woman!
SARGE:good bhudda's noodle, how could this have happened?
SIMMONS:it's okay sir. it was a strong plan, grif's just a dumbass.
GRIF:hey, i'm using your cerebral cortex.
SARGE:settle down, ladies. we need a new strategem, and we need it fast.
SIMMONS:donut's sure to crack under the pressure and reveal everything.
GRIF:everything like what, where we keep his tampons?
SARGE:you're right about that, simmons. the boy doesn't even see the entertainment value in being tortured! oh these kids today!
CHURCH:how's it goin', tucker? we get any useful information outta the prisoner yet?
TUCKER:i figured he was here to steal back lopez, but he won't give us anything... except a list of crock pot recipes. would that be useful?
CHURCH:do we have a crock pot?
TUCKER:no, caboose made a trade with that annoying guy from blue command. he swapped it for a mystery box.
CHURCH:what was in the mystery box?
TUCKER:a hundred and forty jars of mayonnaise.
CHURCH:...well that's a good trade...
TUCKER:yeah it doubles as a great sunscreen.
CHURCH:how did you- never mind. listen, i think i came up with a plan for how we can use lopez and our new prisoner to get an upper hand on the reds...
TUCKER:...
CHURCH AND  TUCKER:...
CHURCH:the plan does not involve mayonnaise.
TUCKER:dammit, i knew there would be a catch.
CABOOSE:that was fun. okay, okay, your turn. truth, or dare.
DONUT:hmmm, truth!
CABOOSE:okay. tell me, all of the red secret plans!
DONUT:ahaw, you tricked me! you blue guys are so smart. okay, now listen closely. our biggest secret is-
DONUT:adgibagajabagagagagagagagagagaa!
CHURCH:caboose! it's me, church. i possessed this guy so we can... whoo, hey. this pink armor's kinda comfortable. roomy. what were you two guys talkin' about?
CABOOSE:ohouw, nothing.
CHURCH:you wanna braid each other's hair?
TUCKER:hello inferior red squad!
CHURCH:we would like to talk to you about-
CABOOSE:sneak attack!
CHURCH:shut up you idiot, we're not here to fight. we're here to negotiate.
CABOOSE:ahay, sneak negotiation!
SARGE:what the- donut! what is this!?
TUCKER:i think he's talking to you.
CHURCH:we, uh i mean they, would like to negotiate a surrender, to us. no to them, no wait nono that's right, to them, to us.
TUCKER:oh, smooth dude.
SARGE:what's this business, the blues are givin' up? i smell a trap, or a rat... or a rat, in a trap. don't accept it simmons.
SIMMONS:you can't surrender blues, we haven't attacked you! now go home and wait for us to attack, and then you can surrender.
GRIF:wait, if we accept, that means we would have two surrenders, and they would have none. that means we win!
SIMMONS:win what?
GRIF:i don't know, the war, er something. right?
SIMMONS:you're an idiot.
CHURCH:in exchange for not killing us, they, them- we, they would like to, release the robot guy, and me. (exchanges glances with tucker a couple times) ...the pink guy.
TUCKER:are you becoming retarded?
SIMMONS:what should we do, sir?
SARGE:i'm torn, between my intense distrust of the blue team, and the need for the plans stored in my favorite robotic creation. no offense, simmons.
SIMMONS:nooone taken, sir. you removed the negative emotional center of my brain, and implanted it in grif.
GRIF:(hopping around behind them) noh i kin, i just can't take this, we're all gonna die! wohouw
CHURCH:i don't think they're going for it.
TUCKER:oh, mother fucker!
SIMMONS:(holding the sniper rifle) okay, now you're under attack. go ahead and surrender, bitch!
SARGE:nice thinkin' simmons.
GRIF:the humanity!
CHURCH:alright, they surrender!
TUCKER:(arming his weapon) fuck that, i'm pissed, let's fight.
SARGE:now that you have been thoroughly humiliated by our superior military strategy, we demand the return of our robot, and our pink private!
CHURCH:okay, but there's one catch!
SARGE:what in shinola?
CHURCH:sarge they want you to build two robots for their team. one for each prisoner, that they're releasing.
SIMMONS:hey that wasn't part of the deal!
GRIF:why exactly are we negotiating with donut?
TUCKER:church why do we need two robots?
CHURCH:you know... one for me, and... (under breath) one for texas.
TUCKER:oh man, don't tell me you're doing this for tex. you're still in love with her, aren't you.
CHURCH:hey get off my back, man. most dead chicks aren't exactly linin' up to haunt this dirthole. besides, if i don't get her a body, she's gonna steal mine anyway.
TUCKER:eh, good point.
CHURCH:bitch.
SARGE:alright you blue scumsuckers! what robot models did you have in mind?
CHURCH:i guess make 'em just like lopez! except, you know, just a shell, no intelligence!
CABOOSE:these new robots sound much nicer.
TUCKER:that's because they sound like you.
CHURCH:oh and no spanish! and a bigger switch!
SARGE:okay, we got a deal! meet us in the center of the canyon at 0600 and we'll make the exchange.
TUCKER:deal!
CHURCH:okay. i gotta hurry back before lopez and sheila suspect anything. make sure this pink guy doesn't run away when i leave. i mean it. i'll meet you guys back at the base. (leaves donut's body)
DONUT:huwhuuugaygaayeeeeeee! what the...? where am i?
CABOOSE:we were just talking to your friends. but you're going to stay with us now for a while.
DONUT:are we gonna have a sleepover? because that would be sweet.
CABOOSE:...you're a nice lady.
CHURCH:alright guys, i- sheila? lopez? what the, why do people keep leaving?
SARGE:oh blue team... before you go, maybe we should talk about optional equipment on your new robots.
TUCKER:what optional equipment!?
SARGE:all you said you wanted was a body, we didn't talk about featuuuures.
TUCKER:like what?
SARGE:you know, undercoating, extended warranty, features, man, come on. like do you want them to be able to use both arms at once?
TUCKER:of course.
SARGE:asynchronous arm movement isssssss optional!
TUCKER:what? oh man, i told church they would try to screw us! what about the feet?
SARGE:did you want feet?
TUCKER:yeah we want feet!
SARGE:sorry, feet are optional.
TUCKER:what's on the bottom of its legs?
SARGE:legs are optional.
TUCKER:oh man, what a ripoff.
SARGE:options are optional.
TUCKER:what isn't optional?
SARGE:you look like a nice guy, don't worry, we'll work something out. have you thought about financing? how's yer credit? i can offer you a free set of high quality mud flaps... and a lube job... you won't be disappointed! i've been told my lube jobs are fantastic!
TUCKER:so sheila and lopez were just gone when you got back here.
CHURCH:yep. they even left a note. says they've gone off to start their own robot army. that's great.
TUCKER:didn't they have a non-compete clause?
CHURCH:also says they want us to meet them in the middle of the canyon at 0600, to discuss the terms of our defeat, and or surrender... 0600. what does that mean...
TUCKER:isn't that when we're supposed to be surrendering to the reds?
CHURCH:it means six o'clock, right? si- or does it mean, six hun- o six hundred. does six hundred mean minutes? six hundred minutes? because that'd be... that'd be ten o'clock. is it six o'clock or is it ten o'clock?
TUCKER:man, we should really get a day planner or something, 'cause this shit's just getting ridiculous.
SIMMONS:how's it going sir?
SARGE:great! with these new color coded instructions, building robots has never been easier. now all the thousands of mistakes i've made in my previous efforts seem laughably obvious, heh heh. uh, except for you, simmons. no mistakes there.
SIMMONS:yeah, i didn't think so sir. you're great at this, even without any formal training, or first party certification. (shoots own foot)
SARGE:...son did you just shoot yourself in the foot?
SIMMONS:yeah, i do that now sometimes. 'n' i'm not really sure why.
SARGE:i'm sure it's user error.
GRIF:(running up to the top of the ramp) hey guys, it's almost time. are the robots ready yet?
SARGE:juuuust puttin' on the finishing touches. gentlemen! allow me, to, introduce, francisco montegue zanzibar (showing the black one). and this one over here is robot number 2 (showing the cobalt one).
GRIF:why didn't this one get a fancy name?
SARGE:let's just say somebody has an overclocked sass-back chip, and rejected all the names i came up with.
ROBOT NUMBER 2:(the close encounters riff everyone knows, except the last note is an error-honking sort of noise)
CAPTION: stick it. you're not my real dad.
SARGE:but that's okay. i can even use it to my advantage. i made some special modifications on numero dos. check it out. robot, number two! codewoooord: dirtbag.
ROBOT NUMBER 2:(two beeps, then the mac "eep" sound)
GRIF:ow! hey!
SARGE:heh, heh heh. pretty nifty, huh?
SIMMONS:that's awesome, sir. let me try, let me try. (clears throat) codeword dirtbag.
ROBOT NUMBER 2:(two beeps, then the mac "eep" sound)
GRIF:ow! okay fine, two can play at this game. codeword dirtbag.
ROBOT NUMBER 2:(two beeps, then the mac "eep" sound)
GRIF:ah son of a bitch.
SARGE:but that's not the only special feature.
SIMMONS:what do you mean, sir?
SARGE:well... i don't want to give anything away, but let's just say for instance that one of the robots contains a hidden microphone, that will allow us to evesdrop on the blues whenever we want. and let's just suppose, shall we, that the other robot, contains a ten megaton bomb, heh heh heh heh he- houw... i guess i kinda gave it away.
GRIF:yeah, ya kinda did.
DONUT:i think this is what they call the calm before the storm.
CABOOSE:i call it nap time. which is right before food time... and then comes food-nap time! that is my favorite time of them all.
DONUT:mister caboose, i just want you to know that even though we are on different teams, and we may never see each other again, whatever happens out there today, i'll always remember the moments we shared together. you are now, and forever will be... my friend.
CABOOSE:...private donut? that sounds like private biscuit.
DONUT:(sobbing) yes. it, does.
GRIF:you think they'll show up?
SIMMONS:well my gut says no, but, then again my gut's made of an advanced polymer, it doesn't know what the hell it's talkin' about. stupid gut.
SARGE:great caesar's toast! looks like they brought out the heavy artillery!
LOPEZ:por qu estan los rojos aqu?
CAPTION: what are the reds doing here?
LOPEZ:no el vamos a conquistarlos hasta la jueves prximo.
CAPTION: we aren't scheduled to conquer them until next tuesday.
CABOOSE:that's far enough, lieutenant mcmuffin.
SARGE:ah, they're lining up in flanking formation. those blue jackals! keep yer eyes peeled, fellas. this could get ugly.
TUCKER:are you there church? church, are you there church.
CHURCH:hey man, i've been trying to get you on the radio for ten minutes. what's goin' on?
TUCKER:sorry man, i'm still picking up the reds' transmissions from when we broadcast that lopez song. there's a lot of chatter.
CHURCH:well are you at least getting any useful information?
TUCKER:nah it's just the same two guys bickering like an old married couple. i've only been listening for like five minutes and i can already tell they're really in love. why can't they see it?
CHURCH:alright. get ready to launch operation circle of confusion.
TUCKER:uh church, it kinda looks more like a triangle from down here.
CHURCH:what?
TUCKER:i'm just saying it doesn't look much like a circle, it looks more like we're forming a triangle. it's just a side-note.
CHURCH:okay fine, triangle of confusion. rhombus of terror, parabola of mystery, who cares!? get the god damn show on the road!
TUCKER:alright alright, sorry. initiating primary commencement phase.
DONUT:what're they talking about?
CABOOSE:quiet commander pop'n'fresh. i think they're talking about your golden flakey crust.
TUCKER:hello everyone! we're here to surrender! at this time, we would like to ask for one representative slash prisoner from each group to cross sides.
GRIF:hey, i think i see lopez over there!
LOPEZ:lopez la pesado no te haga caso.
CAPTION: lopez the heavy takes orders from your kind no more.
GRIF:yep, it's him.
SHEILA:tell him big daddy.
TUCKER:okay, get going pinky.
CABOOSE:goodbye, major cinnamon bun! i will always remember your buttery goodness! ...who was that guy?
SIMMONS:look, they're releasing donut.
SARGE:go on, francis ex, front 'n' center.
LOPEZ:un robotesa! quieren echar nuestros contra nosotros!
CAPTION: a robot! they wish to turn our own kind against us!
TUCKER:um, church? do you think maybe in hindsight it was a bad idea for us to put lopez around a bunch of robots?
CHURCH:just stick to the plan, tucker. get the first robot over there, i'll draw lopez's fire, come on!
LOPEZ:alto, traidor!
CAPTION: don't move, traitor!
SARGE:what does it- it's a double cross! donut, frankie zane, get back here!
TUCKER:(aiming at lopez) no! stay where you are! do not go back!
SIMMONS:now the blues are aiming at each other? what the hell's going on?
SARGE:we've been outmaneuvered, men! take cover. i'm calling in an air strike.
TUCKER:ow, mother- what the hell is that noise?
SARGE:yeh, red command, come in! this is blood gulch outpost number one! do you read me?
VIC:hello, hello, who's there. come in, is that you private tucker? hello.
SARGE:private who? no, vic, this is sarge, from blood gulch outpost number one.
VIC:oh, hey there sarge, long time no see, sorry 'bout that i uh, anyway what can we do here for you at red command today?
SARGE:i'm up to my haunches in hyenas here, vic. i need an airstrike, and i need it on the pronto!
VIC:can do sarge, i will send an airstrike to target the blue forces now. course i'll need you to fax in the airstrike requisition form.
SARGE:but i can't! i had to use spare parts from our fax machine to build simmons two point o.
SIMMONS:whoa! hmm, excuse me, man it must have been something i ate.
GRIF:hey simmons? why is there paper coming out of your ass?
TUCKER:what the hell, vic! how do you know the red team? why're you helping them against the blues? what the fuck is going on here?
VIC:oh... private, tucker, you're on here too, uhm... see i uh... you guys are, uh... uh, i gotta go, bad connection.
SARGE:wait, vic. red command! come in, i need ya!
VIC:well. that's not gonna be very good for business.
SARGE:simmons, grif... we're out of luck. get ready to open fire. today is a good day to die!
GRIF:wait! i think today is actually a good day to retreat. can't we push dying to a week from friday?
SIMMONS:yeah, let's all take dying as an open action item, and come back with suggestions next meeting.
SARGE:no! it has to be today. for our ancestors. yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! (charges up the hill)
TUCKER:wait everyone, stop fighting!
SARGE:yeah, come on!
TUCKER:it's all a lie!
SARGE:let's go! haha
TUCKER:red is blue! blue is red!
SARGE:yeah, kablammo!
TUCKER:we're all the same!
SARGE:yeeekakakakakakakakakaka!
CHURCH:(arriving with everyone else) tucker, you radio's giving too much feedback, shut it off!
SARGE:yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
CABOOSE:this is fun!
SARGE:yaaaaaaaaaaaakakakakakakaka oh, dammit! gaaaaaaaaaa!
SIMMONS:quiet sarge, i can't hear what that guy's yelling!
SHEILA:lock and load.
SARGE:i love blood and violence!
TUCKER:stop fighting! stop fighting!
SARGE:i've got a boner for murder!
SIMMONS:what did you say, blue?
ROBOT NUMBER 2:hegakergerk, wheh!
SARGE:kaboom!
TUCKER:i said, there's no red versus blue! it's all the-
TUCKER:waaaaaa son of a bitch!
SARGE:what the hell is that?
CHURCH:what the hell is that!?
LOPEZ:mira que cosa?
DONUT:oh my god. it's the cave devil. run for your lives!
DOC:oops! sorry about that big explosion!
O'MALLEY:sorry it wasn't bigger! (evil laugh)
CHURCH IN ROBOT NUMBER 2:wait a second, i'd know that laugh anywhere, that's o'malley!
DOC:my bad!
CHURCH:(to zanzibar) come on robot, you're with me.
LOPEZ:(shooting at church and zanzibar) sheila, alto los!
CAPTION: sheila, stop them!
SHEILA:my pleasure. (aims at them and fires)
SARGE:grif. we're going to die. i'm glad we get these last few moments to make amends. my only hope is that i die before you, so that i don't live through the horror of losing a man on the battlefield.
GRIF:yeeeah. i hope you die first too, sarge.
CHURCH:tucker, tucker! are you okay?
TUCKER:(lying lifeless on the ground) church. the purple guy. he's-
CHURCH:yeah i know, it's o'malley. he must have got in the medic somehow.
TUCKER:no. he's an asshole.
SHEILA:(in background) lopez! no!
CABOOSE:church, how come tucker gets to nap during battles and i don't?
SHEILA:help! he took lopez!
CHURCH:what? where'd he go?
O'MALLEY:here i am, you fool!
CHURCH:how'd he get up there so quick?
DONUT:that guy's wicked fast!
DOC:thanks, i lettered in track in high school! it was the least directly competitive sport i could find.
GRIF:track sucks!
O'MALLEY:you suck! and now i make my escape with my metallic hostage, never to be seen again! unless i want to be seen, in which case, if i see you before you see me... look out!
O'MALLEY:the universe will be mine! (evil laugh)
SHEILA:lopez! no!
O'MALLEY:move it, brown bot.
O'MALLEY:in to the abyss!
CHURCH:everyone hold your fire! we're comin' out. truce!
CABOOSE:time out!
GRIF:would someone explain what just happened here?
CHURCH:that evil guy in the scooter shot one of our guys and ran off with lopez.
SARGE:but we need lopez for very specific reasons that we don't have to explain to you. we have to get him back.
CHURCH:yeah and we have to get the evil guy back. he's the only one around here that can heal tucker.
GRIF:so now we're forced to work together. how ironic.
SIMMONS:no, that's not ironic. ironic would be if we had to work together to hurt each other.
DONUT:no, ironic would be instead of that guy kidnapping lopez, lopez kidnapped him.
SARGE:i think it would be ironic if our guns didn't shoot bullets, but instead squirted a healing salve that cured all wounds.
CABOOSE:i think it would be ironic, if everyone was made of iron.
CHURCH:okay. we all agree, that while the current situation, is not totally ironic, the fact that we now have to work together, is odd in an unexpected way, that defies our normal circumstances. is everybody happy with that...
SARGE:yes.
SIMMONS:and, i just finished reprogramming our teleporter, to take us directly to lopez and o'malley's coordinates.
SARGE:we'll leave one member of each team so that noone can trick anyone and take over the canyon. our man will be donut.
CABOOSE:we will leave corporal croissandwich!
CHURCH:caboose...
CABOOSE:we will leave sheila.
DONUT:yeah, thanks guys. because, you know if this is a trick, i'm sure i can hold her off on my own.
CHURCH:alright, we're gonna do this one at a time then. you first sarge.
SARGE:today seems like a good day to teleport. (running in to the teleporter) geronimo!
CABOOSE:(running in to the teleporter) paskataway!
SIMMONS:hmmm...
GRIF:what's wrong?
SIMMONS:i just had a really weird feeling that i'm never gonna see this place again.
GRIF:and that's a bad thing?
SIMMONS:oh i didn't say weird bad, i just said weird. (runs in to the teleporter)
CHURCH:alright. it's grif, right? you 'n' me will go through together, ready?
GRIF:after you.
DONUT:hah. i wonder if i should have told the guys that thing i heard o'malley say about sabotage when i was in the cave. ...ah well. (turns to face sheila) uh, hi!
SHEILA:stop staring at my treads, buddy.
DONUT:geeze. sorry.
TEX IN ZANZIBAR'S BODY:alright you sons of bitches, i'm back, and i've got some- hey- hey where'd everybody go? (sees donut) do i know you? hey! you're the girl that killed me!
DONUT:(turning to face the camera) uh oh.
SARGE:prepare to surrender, dirtbag!
CABOOSE:okay, i surrender. now it's your turn.
SARGE:not you, moron. wait a minute, where are we.
SIMMONS:guys? oh guys... where is everybody?
CHURCH:alright, now let's just find- where is everybody?
GRIF:whoa. where are we? what is this place?
SOLDIER:freeze, drop your weapon!
CHURCH:uh oh.
SOLDIER:i said freeze, dirtbag!
CHURCH:(two beeps, then the mac "eep" sound)
GRIF:ow! aw come on!
SIMMONS:hi, i'm private dick simmons, from the popular webseries, red vs. blue. but you know, i'm not here today-
TUCKER:stop it, i can't take it! (another mars rover in the background behind him) look, we don't have time for introductions today. we've got a problem.
SIMMONS:yeah, we need someone on earth to get a message to the engineers at n.a.s.a.
TUCKER:or as we like to call them, the most voyeuristic nerds in the universe.
SIMMONS:we know that our little canyon may seem interesting from a million miles away, but it's not worth all the effort you're putting in to sending all these rovers up here.
TUCKER:one was bad enough, but now there's like fourteen of these things up here. hey, if you guys wanna know what's going on up here, i've got a crazy idea. why don't you try calling us? pick up a phone. we're here, all day.
SIMMONS:yeah, if you want some pictures of some rocks, or some jars of dirt, just let us know, and we'd be happy to send it to you.
CHURCH:you guys aren't kidding. the other day i'm taking a nap, one of these things rolls up and drills a hole in my right buttcheek, starts taking pictures. that's not too cool.
TUCKER:now donut thinks he's some kind of celebrity cam-whore, 'cause one of these rovers keeps posting pictures on the internet. he's got forty-six year old married dudes emailing him all day long: (falsetto voice) "what's your phone number? what're you wearing? can i come over after work? my wife doesn't get me, only you get me."
DONUT:for those of you who're interested, my amazon wishlist url is, www...
CHURCH:jesus, would you just shut up?
SIMMONS:at least grif figured out how to turn them in to skateboards.
GRIF:woohooooo!
SIMMONS:hey, sarge says you're supposed to wear a helmet!
GRIF:i'm gonna build a ramp. who wants to help?
SHEILA:help, leave me alone!
CHURCH:ay whey, homes, get away from our tank!
ROVER:hey baby, do those tank treads go all the way up?
SHEILA:get these dorks away from me.
ROVER:(snaps picture) wow, you are so photogenic. are you a model or famous actress?
SHEILA:caboose, help me.
CABOOSE:this one has a really big pinching thing.
ROVER:that's right; fear the claw, bitch.
SIMMONS:so please, for the love of god, stop sending these things. trust us, there's nothing going on up here.
ROVER:fear the claw, fear the claw.
SIMMONS:hey! get down! don't touch the camera!
TUCKER:aw crap, they're transmitting pictures again!
CHURCH:shut up! make it stop, make it stop! shut up! shut up!
SHEILA:hey, watch the hand buddy.
SARGE:why hello. i'm sarge from the popular webseries red vs. blue.
TUCKER:and i'm private tucker.
SARGE:we're here to talk to you about a very special event happening this weekend for many women. maybe even one you know.
TUCKER:that's right. this saturday is ladies' night at the rusty nail and screw!
SARGE:ahruh, actually tucker, i was talking about mother's day.
TUCKER:what? oh. dammit!
SARGE:ya know, a lot of kids out there are probably wondering what to get their ma on this special day.
TUCKER:not me. she was a dirty tramp.
SARGE:that explains a lot.
TUCKER:finding the right gift for your mom can sometimes be difficult.
SARGE:when giving a gift on mother's day, try to remember that your ma is a unique and special person.
TUCKER:whore.
SARGE:that can me that going the save route, might not always be so safe.
TUCKER:why whatever do you mean, sarge?
SARGE:let's take a look at an example. grif and simmons have politely agreed to help us demonstrate by performing a little skit.
GRIF:i don't wanna do this!
SIMMONS:what're you complaining about? you got the easy part. i'm the one wearing pantyhoes under my armor because sarge believes in method acting.
SARGE:don't you two make me come over there! now get to demonstratin'!
GRIF:(sigh) mother. i love you because you violently squeezed me out of your womb. here are some flowers i bought for you at a flower place. happy official day for mothers.
SIMMONS:worthless daughter. how could you be so thoughtless? you know i am allergic to flowers. also you're adopted and i never loved you. i will now send you to live in shame, with a robot foster family.
SARGE:whoa, nelly! that didn't go very well at all.
TUCKER:flowers seem like the perfect gift because they are pretty and boring, like most women, but that plan sure backfired.
SARGE:now let's take a look at what happens when you go to a little extra effort.
TUCKER:take it away, donut and caboose!
DONUT:hello son, how are you.
CABOOSE:sheila!?
DONUT:
CABOOSE:i mean mother? because it is mother's day and i love you so, i made you a very ugly coffee mug in shop class today.
DONUT:oh, thank you my son, where is it?
CABOOSE:i left it at school. also, it is broken.
DONUT:thank you my child, you always think of the perfect thing to do for me.
CABOOSE:i spent my allowance on yu-gi-oh trading cards, and meat flavored bubble gum.
DONUT:my angel.
SARGE:(entering from the right) aaand scene. so now you see how the personal touch, is what really makes all the difference when selecting a mother's day gift.
TUCKER:what? that last skit didn't make any sense whatsoever!
SARGE:exactly!
TUCKER:this is retarded, i'm leaving. (leaves)
SARGE:remember kids, you only have one mother. unless you come from a progressive home like donut's. so be good to her on mother's day. and now, for those of you who still don't have any good gift ideas, here's a list of sarge-approved items you might want to consider.
SARGE:happy mother's day.
DONUT:hey wait a minute! it's over already!? i didn't even get a chance to breast-feed anyone! oh man, my nipples are already lactating!
CHURCH:hi everybody. i'm private church from the popular webseries red vs. blu-
CHURCH:hey donut, what're you doing, man, you're supposed to be wearing your old red armor, so that we can be red white and blue. this isn't very patriotic.
DONUT:i'm being patriotic. in my own way.
CHURCH:alright, let's just start over-
CABOOSE:hello everyone! i am private church from the popular webseries red vs. blue.
CHURCH:caboose, that's my line.
CABOOSE:you can't prove that.
CHURCH:as you probably know already, this weekend we celebrate july 4th. or as it's know in mexico "cinqo de maio."
CABOOSE:many of you may take this opportunity to enjoy your weiner.
DONUT:i know i will!
CHURCH:but the real reason we celebrate the fourth of july isn't for the food or the fun, or even the picnics with the non-stop binge drinking.
DONUT:what?
CHURCH:there's only one sure reason we celebrate the fourth of july. to have a lot of explosions.
CABOOSE:yay, it's fireworks day!
DONUT:kickass! i've still got three fingers left from last year!
CHURCH:in preparation for the big day, we've assembled a short list of safety tips that will hopefully make your holiday explosions safe, and enjoyable for the whole family.
CHURCH:let's watch as caboose and donut, demonstrate some common mistakes to avoid, when handling fireworks.
CABOOSE:hello donut.
CABOOSE:check out this awesome sparkler. it is even more fun, because we are playing with it inside.
DONUT:hey! that's not a sparkler, that's a grenade!
CABOOSE:don't worry. we are completely safe. all of the doors are locked from the outside, so we cannot escape. oh, wait a minute...
DONUT:hey there, caboose!
DONUT:how do you like your meat? well done? or pink and juicy!?
CABOOSE:yes-
CABOOSE:i will take that fuzzy glowing hamburger please.
DONUT:hey. that's not a hamburger, that's a grenade!
CABOOSE:i know! i switched them when you weren't looking!... maybe i should not have done that.
DONUT:hey caboose.
DONUT:have you seen my grenade?
CABOOSE:yes. i put it in my pants. wait-
CHURCH:for this last bit, the part of the bottle rocket, will be played by sheila. enjoy.
CABOOSE:hey donut! want to see my awesome bottle rocket!?
DONUT:totally! just remember: don't point it directly at me! okay!?
CABOOSE:okay! and i promise i won't forget whatever it is that you just said.
CABOOSE:........i forgot!
CHURCH:okay annnnd end scene. well, i hope you've all learned a lot about fireworks, and maybe even, a little bit about yourself.
CABOOSE:oopsie.
DONUT:uh oh.
CABOOSE:running time.
CHURCH:oh i almost forgot to mention the most important safety tip. if you have small children around, or even very very stupid adults, never ever let them play with fireworks without proper supervision. hey- what's that hissing noise?
CHURCH:caboose!
CABOOSE:simmons did it!
SIMMONS:what're you talking about, i wasn't even in this video!
DONUT:happy fireworks day, everybody!
SARGE:i'm sure you're all wondering why i've gathered you here today...
GRIF:yeah not really. i'm just happy not to be washing the warthog... ...for once.
SARGE:the powers that be wanted to inform you about the upcoming campaign.
SIMMONS:finally, some information!
CHURCH:great. what's the big scoop?
SARGE:that the campaign is going to be great, and, you're really, going, to, enjoy it.
SARGE:that, is all. thank you for your time.
CHURCH:wait a second, that's it? that's the big announcement? that we're going to enjoy the new campaign?
SARGE:no, that you're really going to enjoy it. oh, and the part about it being great.
TUCKER:what? what about the other stuff? like when does the campaign start?
SARGE:sorry, everything else is classified information.
CHURCH:well who are we going to be fighting?
SARGE:once again. sorry, but that is classified.
SIMMONS:do you know what weapons we'll be using?
SARGE:weapons. they're gonna be great!
CHURCH:okay awesome, what are they?
SARGE:that information is only given to people with the proper clearance.
CHURCH:what's the proper clearance?
SARGE:sorry, that information is only given on a need-to-know basis.
CHURCH:do i need to know?
SARGE:that's top secret!
CHURCH:this sucks.
GRIF:so all we know is that there's gonna be some kind of an upcoming campaign...
SARGE:possibly.
GRIF:and that the spartans will be involved in it...
SARGE:those are your words.
GRIF:but that we can't know anything...
SARGE:i can't say.
GRIF:including who we're fighting...
SARGE:i have no comment for the subject.
GRIF:or if we're even fighting in it...
SARGE:i plead the fifth.
GRIF:or when it even starts...
SARGE:i refer you to my previous statement.
GRIF:but that it's going to be great.
SARGE:i feel comfortable confirming that. wait- yes.
GRIF:...well i'm totally stoked!
SIMMONS:kickass!
TUCKER:yeah dude, this is gonna be fucking sweet!
SARGE:excellent. now that i have your attention, let's talk about pre-ordering your uniforms.
SIMMONS:wait, we have to pre-order our uniforms?
SARGE:honly if you wanna be sure you have armor on the first day. you do want armor on the first day, don't you?
GRIF:are we gonna need armor on the first day?
SARGE:sorry, that's classified.
GRIF:...i don't think you know either.
CHURCH:hi. my name is private church, from the popular webseries red vs. blue. welcome to the new york video festival's "wild wild web" program.
GRIF:i would just like to say, that we did not help come up with that name.
CHURCH:(under breath) grif-
GRIF:seriously dude, why not just call it "the incredible edible internet?"
CHURCH:shut up, you're gonna get us fired.
GRIF:fine... we realise that a lot of you are here tonight because you've never heard of this crazy thing called the internet.
CHURCH:if you or someone you know is thinking about using the internet, we've prepared the following primer, to teach you how the internet is different from the real world.
CHURCH:wow it was, it was really great to meet you.
DONUT:(female voice) it was really great to meet you too.
CHURCH:would you mind if i called you later?
DONUT:(female voice) sure.
DONUT:so big boy, i'm from-
SIMMONS:you're not a girl.
DONUT:what!? course i am!
SIMMONS:a real girl?
SARGE:who's a girl! i like girls!
SIMMONS:shut up you!
DONUT:yes, i am really a girl. heeheehee.
SIMMONS:...send me naked pictures.
DONUT:...okay.
SARGE:i love angelina jolie! does anyone else like angelina jolie!? she's got enormous lips!
CHURCH:bills, bills, bills, coupon. great.
SIMMONS:pardon me my friend, but i am nigerian royalty, and i need you to send me money. please ignore the fact, that i can't spell nigeria. or royalty.
DOC:(entering from the left) would you like to refinance your home? mortgage rates have never been lower.
GRIF:hey church! we have all the filthiest sluts on the internet. they're hopped up on herbal viagra, and waiting for you.
SARGE:would you like a bigger penis!? where would you like it!? i can suggest some places!
DOC:you could put it in escrow.
DOC:twelve ninety-nine for that creed c.d. please.
CHURCH:here you go.
DOC:have a nice day.
GRIF:does anyone have the new creed c.d.?
CHURCH:i have it.
GRIF:give it to me, right now.
CHURCH:give it to you, why would i do that?
GRIF:you're not giving it to me! give it to me faster!
CHURCH:wait, that's illegal.
GRIF:no it isn't. i don't want it to be illegal, therefore it isn't. that's the way it works.
SIMMONS:creed sucks! i hate you, and i hate the band you like!
CHURCH:this is a great party!
GRIF:yeah, whoo! alright!
CHURCH:.......hey, where is everybody?
GRIF:i guess they're all masturbating.
CHURCH:oh... right.
GRIF:well, i'll see you later dude, i'm gonna go masturbate. (runs off)
CHURCH:okay, seeya.
CHURCH:look, that's just the way i feel about it.
SARGE:well i disagree, but i respect your opinion.
CHURCH:you deserve to die! die, and go to hell and burn!
SARGE:oh yeah!? well i hope you get raped! twice! maybe then you'll feel different! jerk!
GRIF:we don't need to find any weapons of mass destruction! we just need to want to find 'em. that's the way it works!
SIMMONS:i voted for nader! i hate everyone!
DOC:would you like to change your homepage to moveon.org?
DONUT:politics makes me soooooo horny. check out my webcam pic at presidentialsluts.com
CHURCH:so just remember, the internet can be a very scary place if you're not prepared.
GRIF:how do you recommend they prepare?
CHURCH:i don't know. try going to your local middle school chess club, hand out crystal meth and guns. that might be good practice.
GRIF:thanks for watching, everybody. now let's all go home and masturbate.
CHURCH:grif...
TUCKER:(lifeless moans)
DONUT:come on mister blue guy, you gotta wake up. wake up.
TUCKER:it hurts. just let me die.
DONUT:you can't die, i'm bored! all these girls wanna talk about is chick stuff, and not the fun chick stuff like ribbons and unicorns.
TEX:i don't have treads, but i often find them staring at things they really shouldn't be.
DONUT:you see? boring stuff like oppression, and a hostile work environment.
TUCKER:get doc, i need doc.
DONUT:i can't. he got possessed by that evil guy and they escaped. he's the one that shot you. don't you remember?
TUCKER:i know. i want him to shoot me again.
DONUT:now now now, sounds like someone's got a case of the "poor me"s. if you were gonna die you would have done it by now! maybe you just need to realise, you're gonna have to live with intense pain.
TUCKER:get that sarge guy, have him make me a new body.
DONUT:huhg, we can't. we're out of parts because we overused that joke. and sarge left with the others to chase doc. but don't you worry, they left a long time ago, so i'm sure they'll be back any minute. simmons had a fool-proof plan to catch him.
SIMMONS:hellooooo... hello? is anybody here? just great. i guess we all got seperated in the teleporter.
SIMMONS:sarge. this is simmons 2.0, do you read me. apparently your plan to chase lopez and doc has failed miserably. i appear to be stuck in some kind of nexus of teleporters, which could take me anywhere in the universe... or it's a janitor's closet, the hell i don't fucking know, sarge, are you there, sarge!
SARGE:hello, anyone! do you read me? do i read you? anyone? anybody? nobody? okay. (sound of his radio turning off)
SARGE:(to caboose) well, i don't think the others are coming. they must have gotten separated somehow.
CABOOSE:my toes, are getting pruny.
SARGE:o...kay. why don't we try to find o'malley? (runs off)
CABOOSE:i know where you can find o'malley. he lived inside my helmet for a while, maybe he left an address to send his mail. we were like roommates. (runs off to follow sarge)
SARGE:sounds like he took some of the furniture when he left. and the carpet. and the drapes. and i wouldn't expect to get that deposit back. 'fyou know what i mean.
CABOOSE:sargeant. look! a sleeping person!
SARGE:what? holy macaroon.
SARGE:he's not sleeping son, he's dead.
CABOOSE:oh good. at first, i thought that was me. because, i am blue. and, i like to sleep. but, if he is dead that cannot be me. that would be silly.
SARGE:no doubt he was killed by our very enemy, once again i find myself torn. on the one hand, there's one less blue in the universe. but now doc's got a bigger body count than me! and that just won't do. no sir. rest in peace... scumbag.
CABOOSE:look - more sleeping people! it must be nap time. but who has nap time now? nap time comes before pants time, not after. i think these people are just making up times.
SARGE:what the samuel helsinki happened here? there must have been an enormous battle. hello! is anyone okay!? are there any survivors? preferably any red survivors? don't let that discourage you from speaking up if you blue, i won't step on your neck or anything like that.
CABOOSE:am i allowed to answer?
SARGE:shh quiet. you hear that?
CABOOSE:yes. that noise is called water. it is very wet, and very sloshy-
SARGE:i was talking about the trumpet, bluetard.
CABOOSE:i have to go to the bathroom now for some reason. which is odd, because i already went when we were standing in the creek together.
SARGE:wait a minute i know that song, that's revelee. but why would someone be playing revelee in the middle of a-
SARGE:sweet jibbly jiblets!
CABOOSE:running time!
SOLDIERS:hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut etc.
A BLUE SOLDIER:(jumping in to the blue base) and jump.
A RED SOLDIER:(running to the red base) huay ho huay ho ho hey ho ha ya ho ya yo yuh!
SARGE:what just happened here.
CABOOSE:i think all the sleepy people were trying to ke-
SARGE:that was rhetorical.
A BLUE SOLDIER:(from inside) yeah, go blue team!
BLUE SOLDIERS:(from inside, continuing to yell... see the bottom of the transcript for what they say)
SARGE:get over here, give me a boost!
CABOOSE:okay. (steps closer to sarge) you are a good person, and people say nice things about you.
SARGE:not a morale boost, moron, a physical one. i need to see what's in that window.
CABOOSE:that window is very high. i don't think you are tall enough.
SARGE:i know, i need you to help me look through it.
CABOOSE:i don't think i am tall enough either. also, my head is round, that window is square.
SARGE:come here, you.
BLUE SOLDIER 1:i'm gonna kill me a red, and when i get him i'm gonna chop his guts
CABOOSE:whoa.
SARGE:what do you see?
CABOOSE:i see... a room.
SARGE:and? what's in the room?
CABOOSE:there are some walls, and some ceilings. wait- just one ceiling.
SARGE:what's making that racket?
THE BLUE SOLDIERS:kill the reds, kill the reds, kill the reds, kill the reds, kill the reds!
CABOOSE:you are not going to like it.
SARGE:caboose, i have a very bad feeling abou-
SARGE:what's that?
SARGE:come on caboose, we gotta get to higher ground!
A BLUE SOLDIER:yeah i love reloading, i love to reload!
A RED SOLDIER:(smashing him in the back of the head) oh, back of the head!
THE NEWLY FALLEN BLUE SOLDIER:d'oh, tell my girlfriend that i love her.
THE RED SOLDIER:she's my girlfriend now bitch!
SARGE:come on caboose! (they run up a convenient ladder)
THE SOLDIERS:(random shouts and jeers)
CABOOSE:sarge... i am scared of our new friends.
SARGE:hot sonny bono, what's going on here?
THE RED SOLDIER:stop fighting, stop fighting everyone, stop fighting! (everyone stops shooting and looks at him) everyone, everyone, look unto me! i possess the blue flag!
A RED SOLDIER:it's more beautiful than i ever imagined!
THE RED FLAG BEARER:i have seen the top of the mountain! and you will worship me as though i were a god!
THE RED FLAG BEARER:i regret nothing! i lived as few men dare to dream!
RED GUY:hell yeah! (gets shot in the back of the head) oh no!
THE BLUE SNIPER:head shot! (gets shot in the feet by a rocket) oh, you rocket-whore!
A BLUE GUY:hey i got some, you want some? i got some for you! come on you!
A RED GUY:the only good blue is a dead blue!
A DIFFERENT RED GUY:christ this water's cold!
RED GUY:weak! you took my kill!
OTHER RED GUY:i didn't see you name on it! (gets shot by a camper from behind a rock) oh you fucking camping bitch!
BLUE CAMPER:it's a legitimate strategy! (gets shot at rounding a rock) whoa!
RED GUY:damn! hey blue, we're the only two left! let's work together!
BLUE GUY:what do you mean?
RED GUY:i'm coming out!
BLUE GUY:okay, i'm coming out too!
BLUE GUY:what did you mean we could work as a team?
RED GUY:i bash you in the head with my rifle and you die. good teamwork you fucking n00b. good game, good game everybody! gg man, gg. (takes a hit from nowhere in the back of the head and falls over)
SARGE:i have no earthly idea what it is i just saw, or what this place is, or where in the hell o'malley is! my only choice is to blame grif, for coming up with such a flawed plan. stupid, stupid grif.
CABOOSE:i am so confused. where is church? i need church to tell me what to think. church could handle this. he can handle anything!
CHURCH:hey asshole, for the last time, let me outta this god damn jail cell!
GRIF:yeah, let him out. he's driving me nuts!
CHURCH:oh shut up, red, nobody asked you.
GRIF:i should have never listened to donut's stupid fucking plan.
BLUE SOLDIER 2:kill red, kill red, kill red, kill red!
BLUE SOLDIER 3:so cool, this is so cool!
BLUE SOLDIER 1:this is our game, man, i guarantee i'm gonna kill all those guys!
BLUE SOLDIER 3:get the get the flag, get the flag, get the flag. ; get the fucking flag!
BLUE SOLDIER 2:we must protect this house!
BLUE SOLDIERS:we must protect this house!
BLUE SOLDIER 4:we must protect this houuuuse!
BLUE SOLDIER 1:we must protect this house.
BLUE SOLDIER 4:this is our house.
BLUE SOLDIER 2:...okay
BLUE SOLDIER 3:(laughs)
BLUE SOLDIER 1:that was too much, wasn't it. alright, let's go baby we've got this one. this one's ours. you all ready?
BLUE SOLDIER 3:i'm ready!
BLUE SOLDIER 1:are you ready?
BLUE SOLDIER 2:i'm ready!
BLUE SOLDIER 1:are you ready?
BLUE SOLDIER 4:let's do it!
BLUE SOLDIER 1:i'm not so ready! let me get a pen, to get ready. okay i'm ready let's go!
SIMMONS:okay, let's see, if i wire this thing in to that... maybe i could signal boost on that thing there... i might just be able to get that to work.
SARGE:caboose, caboose, keep them away from me! get that one. and that one. no no, the one with the limp! get 'im!
SIMMONS:sarge, is that you?
CABOOSE:i don't want to kill... but... i don't want to die any more.
SIMMONS:caboose, can you hear me!?
CABOOSE:yes, i heard you sargeant.
SARGE:i didn't say anything, numbnuts.
SARGE:caboose, we have to break this neverending cycle of attack and retaliation, either by a) convincing the two sides to live in peace, or b) by getting ourselves completely involved, and kicking some serious ass! i vote b.
CABOOSE:i have a plan sargeant, but we will have to move quick. listen:  whisper whisper whisper do you think that will work?
SARGE:that's your plan? all you said was "whisper whisper whisper."
CABOOSE:i know. i just wanted to be the one with the plan for once.
SARGE:hgggh, come on. i have an idea.
BROWN SOLDIER:this sucks man. i have to do everything around here. go guard the wall, phil. go paint the jeep phil. go do everything phil. this sucks.
PHIL:what was that? nothin', just that stupid, sucky wind. breaking a twig, coming up behind me and... breathing, real heavy. (turns around) what the?
WHITE SOLDIER:hello, mate. (thick english accent)
PHIL:oh man, this sucks, what's going on?
WHITE SOLDIER:right, here's the way this works. i ask you a question, you tell me an answer. one question, one answer. i don't get the answer i like, we've got a problem. and if we've got a problem, you've got a problem. that clear?
PHIL:okay, just don't hurt me! i'm a single parent.
WHITE SOLDIER:splendid, that's the attitude old chap. now, first question. where are you hiding the plans?
WHITE SOLDIER:mhm, ahem. right. where, are you hiding, th-... right. need to get that, one second. (turns around and answers the phone) hello? yes, this is he speaking. ...oh hello! yes, right. oh bugger. spell that with a t or an f, do you? thought you said something else. no, i'll get right on it.
PHIL:getting bored...
WHITE SOLDIER:right. usual fee... he won't be a problem. no, i'll nip that one for you straight away. right. say hello to mum for me. cheerio. (turns back around to phil) now, where were we. ah yes. looks like it's your lucky day, mate.
PHIL:oh, thank god!
WHITE SOLDIER:don't have time to torture you, so i'm just going to have to kill you.
PHIL:u- oh man this sucks!
A RED SOLDIER:yeah, i'm gonna kill everybody!
ANOTHER RED SOLDIER:get the flag, get the flag, get the flag. get the fucking flag!
SOME OTHER RED SOLDIER:we must protect this house!
MANY RED SOLDIERS:we must protect this house!
YET ANOTHER RED SOLDIER:we must protect this house! this is our house!
A POIGNANT RED SOLDIER:um, guys, look, where's our flag?
SOME RED SOLDIER:(sharp inhale)
ANOTHER RED SOLDIER:no.
SOME OTHER RED SOLDIER:the flag is gone?
A RED SOLDIER:what will we do?
THE RED SOLDIER WHO BRIEFLY HELD THE BLUE FLAG IN EPISODE 39 (THE RED ZEALOT):if the flag is gone, who will lead us? who will inspire us with their shiny pole? who will flag directions to us in battle? we are lost, and the world as we knew it is gone forever from our eyes, only to live in our memories as the days of salad and glory! truly these are the end of times! repent! repent!
THE OTHER RED SOLDIERS:...
A RED SOLDIER:this sucks, i'm leaving.
SOME RED SOLDIER:yeah...
SOME BLUE SOLDIER:yay. great.
SARGE:(holding the blue flag) oh blue team... look what i have.
CABOOSE:(holding the red flag) oh blue team... look what, wait, i messed up my line. let's start over.
A RED SOLDIER:they have our flag!
A BLUE SOLDIER:no they don't, they have our flag!
SARGE:listen you morons, you're gonna have to work for us now.
THE RED SOLDIER:what's in it for us?
SARGE:help us get out of here, and we'll give you back your flags. then you can go back to senselessly killing yourselves.
A RED SOLDIER:deal. ha, sucker!
A BLUE SOLDIER:wait- why don't we just kill you guys and take the flags back?
A RED SOLDIER:hmm. yeah!
SOME RED SOLDIER:oh, you got owned. i saw it, fucking owned!
THE BLUE SOLDIERS:teams! teams! teams!
SOME RED SOLDIER:shut up! teams are fine!
THE RED SOLDIERS:teams are fine! teams are fine!
SARGE:caboose... i give up.
CABOOSE:wait. i can make them listen. i can beat them.
SARGE:son, what are you talkin' about?
CABOOSE:o'malley taught me how to be mean. (concentrating) i, just, have, to, concentrate, on, bad, things. like, milk. no wait, red, red, bull.
SARGE:son i think you've really lost it. o'malley's not in your head any more, he infected the doc!
CABOOSE:no, i can feel him. i just need to get angry, and say, mean, things! like... uh... your brain is a mountain of hatred!
SARGE:i never thought i'd reach the moment in my life when i actually missed grif... but here it is.
CABOOSE:now. i, am, thinking, about... kittens! guh, kit-tens, covered, in, spikes. that makes, me, angry!
CABOOSE:(in a voice remeniscent of o'malley) my name, is michael j. caboose! and i, hate, babies.
THE RED ZEALOT:it's the beast! the anti-flag, come to live among us and rule us for seven years! the end is nigh!
THE RED ZEALOT:yeooigh!
A BLUE SOLDIER CABOOSE PUNCHES AND KNOCKS DOWN:yikes!
A RED SOLDIER CABOOSE PUNCHES AND KNOCKS DOWN:yowsah!
FIRST RED SOLDIER:ow!
THE BLUE SOLDIER:wee!
SECOND RED SOLDIER:wow!
SARGE:great gustavo, what's goin' on down there?
GHOSTLY SIMMONS:sarge, caboose can you hear me?
SARGE:simmons 2.0?
GHOSTLY SIMMONS:i reconfigured the teleporter, to allow me to communicate with you. i need to get you guys outta there.
SARGE:damn right we need to get outta here.
GHOSTLY SIMMONS:get to your teleporter, and i'll see what i can do from here.
SARGE:okay!
GHOSTLY SIMMONS:and, sarge?
SARGE:yeah?
GHOSTLY SIMMONS:it's really great to see you again.
SARGE:oh kiss my ass some other time.
GHOSTLY SIMMONS:whatever you say, sir.
SARGE:come on, caboose, before they wake up again!
CABOOSE:i will eat your unhappiness.
SARGE:(reaching the teleporter) hurry up, simmons.
SIMMONS:just give me a few more seconds over here, sarge.
SARGE:we don't have a few more seconds!
SIMMONS:stop pressuring me! i rely on you for love and support!
CABOOSE:your toast has been burned, and no amount of scraping will remove the black parts.
SARGE:oh shut up, caboose.
SIMMONS:okay there, come through now!
SARGE:come on, caboose!
SIMMONS:whoo. that was pretty close, huh?
SARGE:simmons, you get an f in efficiency. but i have to give you an a+ in dramatic timing.
SIMMONS:thank you sir. i've always felt that presentation is what matters most.
CABOOSE:what happened? the last thing i remember was a very mean kitten. and then we were in this janitor's closet. and my throat hurts, a lot.
SIMMONS:what was that weird place, sarge?
SARGE:simmons, i have absolutely no idea.
THE RED ZEALOT:well i guess it's back to basics, now! get ready for destruction, blues! we're gonna kick your ass! we have become death! destroyer of whe- oh wait, hold on. i gotta take out the trash.
O'MALLEY:(evil laughter) well, my metallic friend, your modifications are complete. and my plan is coming to frution. frusi- fru- frutition. fr-
LOPEZ:fruition.
CAPTION: fruition.
O'MALLEY:oh shut up.
LOPEZ:s maestro. su plan es muy excelente.
CAPTION: yes master. your plan is foolproof.
O'MALLEY:now to bring together my enemies.
VIC:oh dude, come on, you gotta be kidding me.
VIC'S ANSWERING MACHINE:hey dude, it's vic. no solo mia, not in the casa right now, so leave a message and i'll call you back. just leave your what's up at the yo. ... ...yo.
O'MALLEY:vic, pick up, it's me, (evil laughter).
VIC:oh hey, docter baron von evil satan, what's up dude?
O'MALLEY:don't screen my calls, vic.
VIC:dude, you don't come up on caller id i'm not just gonna answer anything-
O'MALLEY:caller id? i'm in hiding you baffoon! i'm trying to take over the universe (evil laughter)!
DOC:we're also on the do not call list.
O'MALLEY:oh shut up.
VIC:so how's that plot going dude.
O'MALLEY:magnificent (evil laughter)! i've called my bounty hunter in. he'll take care of your little 'red and blue' problem post-haste (evil ...you get the idea).
VIC:oh cool! thanks for turning that around so quick, dude.
O'MALLEY:(laugh continues) ha.
VIC:i know you're swamped.
O'MALLEY:then the universe will be mine and i'll crush every living soul in to dust, haha! except for you of course vic. i'll make you assistant crusher.
VIC:okay dude. looking forward to that.
SIMMONS:and that brought you back here. so, theoretically one of these teleporters should transport us back to blood gulch, or anywhere else that we want to go. do you understand?
CABOOSE:yes. no. what does thermoretically mean?
SIMMONS:i probably could have saved a lot of time by telling you these things worked by magic.
CABOOSE:i thought you told the story well. i liked all the parts with me in them.
SARGE:any idea which ones go where?
SIMMONS:man um... not really. i found you two guys by accident. and i don't want to start using teleporters at random.
CABOOSE:we should definitely take the green one.
SIMMONS:okay, be quiet now.
SARGE:we've gotta find a way to contact them.
VIC:(over the radio) come in sargeant dude. hello sargeant dude, are you there.
SARGE:vic?
VIC:got some big news for you dude.
TEX:bad news tucker. i just picked up a feed. you've been tagged.
TUCKER:tagged? that sounds bad. unless it means something sexual, does it mean something sexual?
TEX:it means something bad.
TUCKER:oh yeah like that's a surprise.
TEX:someone's hired a freelancer to take you out. do you have any idea why?
TUCKER:i can't say.
TEX:keeping secrets? i find that attractive.
TUCKER:you do!?
TEX:in attractive people, yeah.
DONUT:do you know who's after him?
TEX:this guy i know from training. name's wyoming.
TUCKER:(laughs) finally a name dumber than donut!
DONUT:hey! ...yeah, okay.
TEX:everybody in the division was paired with an a.i., and codenamed for a state.
DONUT:what was your codename, tex?
TEX:nevada.
TUCKER:one for each state? so there's fifty of you.
TEX:forty-nine, remember?
TUCKER:oh, yeah, that's right. man. poor florida.
TUCKER:okay, anyway.
TEX:well i'll make you a deal. i still owe you one. so if i take care of wyoming, we're square. deal?
TUCKER:you realise that you wanna protect me from a guy who's trying to kill me. what'm i gonna say, no?
TEX:i'll take that as a yes.
SARGE:eureka's hammer, i've got it! i put a listening device in one of the suits of armor i built. we can use that to find out where they are.
SIMMONS:but which one, sarge? isn't one a huge bomb?
SARGE:heheheh. yeah, i wouldn't turn that on. or maybe i should. that we we could follow the enormous explosion and huge plumes of smoke, directly to them. it'd be just like a homing device. but indian style.
SIMMONS:i assume what you mean sir, is directly to the crater that they left.
SARGE:though crudely delivered i see your point. let's go with the listening device.
SIMMONS:great idea sir.
SARGE:yes it was.
CABOOSE:can i push the button to make it go? please?
SARGE:(holding up the button) okay caboose, but just this once.
CABOOSE:yay! thanks.
SARGE:(laughs) what a little rascal.
CABOOSE:(returning to simmons' side) i pushed the button.
SIMMONS:stay away from him, he's mine.
VOICE:man, i hate this. this sucks.
CABOOSE:it's church!
VOICE:i just wanna lay around and do nothing.
SARGE:i think it's grif!
VOICE:right after i take this nice, warm, bubble-bath.
SIMMONS AND  SARGE:donut.
SIMMONS:(making for a teleporter) let me see if i can lock on to that signal, sarge. okay got it, go ahead.
SARGE:come in, donut, come in. donut, do you read me? come in.
DONUT:sarge, you gotta help me! you left me with one blue, but now there are three!
SARGE:vic was right, it was a trap all along! listen, donut. vic told me all about the blue plot. that fella tucker is gonna make up things, craaazy things about red and blue. you can't listen to him, you just can't!
DONUT:sarge, what should i do?
SARGE:don't let him catch on that you know. just act like you normally do- wait, not like you, act like someone more brave. 'n' smarter. 'n' more masculine, for god's sake.
DONUT:okey-dokey sarge.
SARGE:he's a dead man, simmons.
SIMMONS:it's okay sir, i thought that you two were getting too close anyway, and that's not good for the chain of command.
SARGE:try to open a teleporter to them. i'll see if i can locate the other armor.
CABOOSE:yeah! more button pushing!
SIMMONS:caboose don't touch that!
CABOOSE:this is the button to find church! (presses the button)
SARGE:uh oh. that's not gonna be good.
SIMMONS:did he just do what i think he did?
CABOOSE:church is going to be so happy with me!
CHURCH:(impressive belch)
GRIF:nice. i bet i can beat it.
CHURCH:uhgow, i wonder what caused that.
GRIF:hey church, do you know your stomach is ticking?
GRIF:guys i'm a red too, i'm a red! i don't even know this guy! come on, let me out.
CHURCH:thanks for the support, grif. way to be a team player.
GRIF:hey, i gotta think about myself here.
CHURCH:there's no "i" in team, grif.
GRIF:yeah, there's no "u" either. so i guess if i'm not on the team, and you're not on the team, nobody's on the god damn team. the team sucks!
CHURCH:what i can't figure out is why the reds are still here. tex already wiped out all the blues. why wouldn't they just pull out?
GRIF:as someone who's taken orders from red command for the last three years, trust me, it's not that surprising.
SIMMONS:okay, we traced the bomb activation signal to sidewinder. how much time do we have left sarge?
DONUT:(through staticky radio) everyone here is set to transport.
TUCKER:(through staticky radio) i'm not going through that thing. i'm serious.
SARGE:we need to get there as soon as possible. did you set their teleporter to take them straight to sidewinder?
SIMMONS:i walked donut through it. he says he did everything right, but i figure they have a fifty/fifty chance of ending up in sidewinder, or in the middle of deep space.
SARGE:what about us?
SIMMONS:i programmed ours myself. we're fine.
SARGE:i find the risks acceptable.
DONUT:i never knew a phillips screwdriver was the x one. do you think it's named after a guy named phillip? that guy phillip must have a fucked-up-shaped head!
TUCKER:yeah. screw this, i'm walking.
SARGE:alright, then saddle up! don't worry grif and church, here comes the cavalry! hyaaaaa!
SARGE:hyaaaaa- oh!
SIMMONS:uh sir? the teleporter i reprogrammed is over there.
SARGE:oh well, heads up evil-doers; here we come to save the diya-ah forget it, let's just go.
GRIF:nobody knows, the trouble i've seen. nobody knows but jesus.
CHURCH:will you shut up?
GRIF:you just can't face the fact that i've adjusted to life on the inside! i'm hard now!
CHURCH:please, give me a break.
GRIF:as the prison bitch, i would not expect you to understand.
CHURCH:what's going on out there?
GRIF:oh man, maybe our crew's come to bust us out of the joint. i don't know if i can live on the outside though any more church. i'm all institutionalized and shit.
CHURCH:i don't know. sounds like whoever's fighting them is winning. that can't possibly be our guys.
GRIF:(to a salmon-colored guard) hey screw, aren't you gonna go help your buddies? oink oink?
WYOMING:(decloaking outside the bars of the cell) hello church.
CHURCH:wyoming? what're you doing here?
WYOMING:been hired to do a job with your little friend tucker. seems he's discovered some information that someone else isn't happy about.
GRIF:who's this kracker?
CHURCH:naw, he's just some scumbag bounty hunter that was in the same division as tex.
WYOMING:ah yes, dear tex. after i take care of your little friend tucker, i'll be taking care of her as well.
CHURCH:when i get out of here, -
WYOMING:but you won't. everyone here is dead now. noone even knows where you are. so i suppose now you'll just have to starve to death. hu-huh. cheerio.
CHURCH:we gotta find a way to escape, grif.
GRIF:if only we had bedsheets.
CHURCH:there's no window. what good is tieing together bedsheets gonna do us?
GRIF:who said anything about tieing them together? i wanna take a nap. if i have to die of hunger, i wanna do it in my sleep.
SHEILA:good luck everyone, take care. i packed you all lunches for the trip.
TUCKER:thanks sheila, that was really nice of you.
DONUT:not really. all my bag had was an air filter and a thermos full of brake fluid.
SHEILA:make sure to wash your exhaust pipes every day.
TUCKER:bye sheila, we'll come back for you soon.
SHEILA:i'll be waiting.
SIMMONS:okay, here they come.
DONUT:yeahah, i knew i could fix a teleporter. i guess these hands aren't just for manicuring after all. yeahuh.
TUCKER:ow, crap!
SIMMONS:what's all that black stuff on your armor?
TUCKER:just me? what the fuck?
CABOOSE:tucker, i am so glad to see you. here. let me help you clean your armor off, by rubbing you all over.
DONUT:ooh ooh, let me help!
CABOOSE:absolutely, admiral buttercrust.
WYOMING:hmm, i don't see him. perhaps they've disguised him somehow. well played.
TEX:gotcha.
SIMMONS:so what's the plan, sarge?
SARGE:first, we need to locate church and get that bomb defused. then we can find lopez, download our plans, and get back to fighting the blues.
SIMMONS:and find grif.
SARGE:what?
SIMMONS:and we also need to find grif. right sir?
SARGE:well, not every plan is perfect, so i suppose we could accidentally find grif along the way.
CHURCH:okay grif, i've been putting something off that i can do to help us escape, but, i gotta warn you, it might scare you a little bit.
GRIF:you want scary, you should try showering in cell block c. those guys are animals.
CHURCH:alright.
CHURCH:here goes.
GRIF:you opened the doors? that wasn't scary at all.
CHURCH:what? i didn't do that. somebody on the outside must have done it. alright, let's go.
GRIF:freedom, it smells so sweet! let's go rob a liquor store on the way home.
CABOOSE:there, you are all clean.
TUCKER:thanks, but you didn't need to spend so much time on the codpiece, donut.
DONUT:a three-coat waxing is just my way of saying i care.
WYOMING:well, there we are, mate.
TEX:(aiming at wyoming from close range) hello wyoming. why don't you stop pointing that gun at my friend.
WYOMING:allison, good to see you. how's our good friend omega?
TEX:you tell me. he hired you, didn't he?
WYOMING:now how did you know that.
TEX:when someone lives in your head for a few years, you get to know him. where is he.
WYOMING:oh, he'll be along shortly.
WYOMING:very shortly.
TEX:oh crap.
O'MALLEY:(evil laughter) only now do you realize the folley of your idle chit-chat! evil wins! hahaha! good sucks an egg.
DOC:i'm really sorry about this sir- i mean ma'am- i mean miss!
O'MALLEY:oh shut up.
O'MALLEY:hahahahahahahahaha. you fools have fallen right in to my hands. only now, do you realise the folly of your follies, hahaha. prepare for an oblivion, for which there is no preparation! (evil laugh)
SIMMONS:o'malley! the reds and blues are working together now! you can't hope to beat us.
O'MALLEY:you fool! my metallic friend is the only ally i need. lopez, activate weather control routines.
LOPEZ:okay.
SIMMONS:are those runic symbols a sign of some ancient technology?
DOC:no, i used to draw them on my binder during study hall. i always wanted to use them for something. aren't they cool?
O'MALLEY:shut up!
SARGE:oh, sampson's back hair. they found our secret weapon. i developed a weather control device, but i was missing one critical piece of technology to make it work.
O'MALLEY:hahaha yes. and now that i've located those "d" batteries, the universe will be mine! hahahahaha!
TUCKER:are you serious? you couldn't find d batteries.
SARGE:only at gas stations, and they're just so darn expensive there.
CHURCH:what's going on?
SARGE:you want the long version or the short? basically you've got a fifty megaton bomb in your gut-
SIMMONS:ten sir.
SARGE:and lopez is about to kill us all.
CHURCH:that didn't make any sense, what's the long version?
TUCKER:that was the long version. the short version is "we're boned."
SIMMONS:hey grif, are you okay?
GRIF:i've done hard time, simmons. i'm not the man you used to know.
SIMMONS:hard time? we were only separated for five hours.
GRIF:time moves slower on the inside, simmons. it seemed like seven or eight hours to me.
O'MALLEY:you foolish fools will never defeat me! you're far too busy being foolish! ha! oblivion is at hand!
SIMMONS:sarge. i have an idea, but i need you to distract him.
SARGE:will do! (turns to grif, who's hiding behind the rock with him... again) grif? i've never believed in you. not even for a moment. but now, is your chance to prove yourself. to me.
GRIF:what can i do, sarge?
SARGE:i need you to run right at o'malley.
GRIF:and shank him with my shiv?
SARGE:no. when he blows you up with the rocket, try to see if you can get your dismembered limbs and guts to clog the barrels of his rocket launcher.
GRIF:you're kidding.
SARGE:it's a remote chance, i know. but it's worth a shot.
O'MALLEY:(running up to their cozy little rock) ahhhhblivion is at hand! (evil laugh)
DOC:cover your ears, guys. this thing is really loud.
GRIF:this is it!
SIMMONS:not so fast, o'malley! maybe we can't stop you, but i know who can!
A BLUE SOLDIER:alright, new level, yeah!
BLUE SOLDIERS AND  RED SOLDIERS:whoohoo!
SIMMONS:hey guys, you want your flag?
SIMMONS:he's the one that has it!
THE RED ZEALOT:the crusade has begun! our hour of glory is now at hand! let all who would stand against us be washed in our divine light!
O'MALLEY:get away from me! no! get out, no! dow!
SIMMONS:we need to disarm church's bomb, sarge.
SARGE:right.
CHURCH:(getting hit by lightning from lopez) yow, whoohoohoo!
SARGE:hold still, son, this'll just take a second. (kneels in front of church)
CHURCH:don't you ever install anything above the waist?
SARGE:oh no! that last lightning bolt fused the detonator! there's no way to turn this thing off.
SIMMONS:can you do it manually?
SARGE:impossible. i specifically designed it so that i wouldn't be able to defuse it.
GRIF:why?
SARGE:in case i fell in to the wrong hands, and was brainwashed to help the blues.
SIMMONS:nice thinking, sir.
GRIF:you had to get just one last asskiss in before we die, didn't you.
O'MALLEY:no nup- that's disgusting, what're you doing?
BLUE SOLDIER:let me try, let me try.
RED SOLDIER:heh heh heh.
ANOTHER RED SOLDIER:take that dude!
O'MALLEY:i'm being violated!
TUCKER:(pulling out a rocket launcher) church, there's only one thing i can do.
CHURCH:hehey, what the hell?
SIMMONS:there's only twenty seconds left!
TUCKER:if i blow you up before the bomb goes off, there's at least a small chance the rest of us will live.
CHURCH:but the rocket'll kill me.
SIMMONS:ten seconds.
GRIF:you're gonna die anyway when the bomb goes off!
CHURCH:what can i tell ya pal, misery loves company.
SIMMONS:five seconds!
TUCKER:sorry church.
CHURCH:man this blows, you guys suck.
TUCKER:what the hell!?
WYOMING:sorry private tucker, but i always get my man. say good bye mate.
SIMMONS:uh guys, i hate to interrupt, but... zero seconds.
TUCKER:whuh oh.
CHURCH:what? oh, son of a-
SIMMONS:what the...
SARGE:the bomb must have gone off.
GRIF:where are we? are we dead?
CABOOSE:i don't want to be dead! i want to be alive, or, a cowboy.
DONUT:dead, oh man. tomorrow was all you can eat day at the chow hall. and i wanted to eat all that i could.
SARGE:we're not dead, idiots. we're stuck in some kind of temporal... whoa no! heads up boys, prepare for impact!
TUCKER:gnnmnaugh, what happened?
YOU:omfg its halo2 wtf lol h4x0r rofl!!!!11!!!eleven
DONUT:hey, he's awake!
GRIF:i still wanna know why i don't get a laser gun.
SIMMONS:shut up, dumbass.
DONUT:guys, tucker's awake.
SIMMONS:huh? hey hey hey, take it easy tucker, you've been out a while.
GRIF:and i thought i was lazy.
TUCKER:what's going on? who are you people?
DONUT:he has amnesia! tucker. don't worry. you are safe. we're the reds, we are your mortal enemies. wait. that didn't sound right.
CABOOSE:tucker! tucker! i am so glad you are alive.
TUCKER:caboose? still so dumb, but you look so different.
CABOOSE:we're in the future! things are very shiny here.
TUCKER:the future? oh i can't fucking wait to hear this one.
SARGE:obviously lopez's weather matrix combined with the power of bomb 21 combined to create an explosion so large, it caused a temporal rift in time, that cascaded throughout the blo-
TUCKER:whoa whoa wait a second, wait a second. i don't understand.
DONUT:sarge! can we do the skit now?
CABOOSE:yeah!
SIMMONS:yes.
GRIF:i don't wanna do that dumb skit.
SARGE:fine. but only because i wanna see grif be miserable. i miss the old days.
DONUT:great! places everyone!
DONUT:(clears throat) the red vs blue players present, a franklin donut play. written and directed by franklin donut. in association with light red danish productions.
SARGE:can we just start?
DONUT:and, action!
SIMMONS:hello weary traveler, we represent the timeline.
SARGE:i am the past, where things cost less, and people knew the value of a hard day's work. but they only lived to be twenty-eight years old.
SIMMONS:and i am the future, where people have no morals and no emotions but we have a bunch of kickass gadgets.
GRIF:and i'm the present, which sucks. we have nothing cool, and also no morals.
DONUT:and i am the helpful narrator. a faceless voice used by poor writers.
TUCKER:you have a face... i think.
DONUT:shut up, audience. you're ruining my play. everything was fine in the timeline, until one day, in the present...
GRIF:why does bad stuff always happen in the present?
DONUT:because that's when people do stuff.
SARGE:ah, quit yer bitching. i have attrocities and a crapload of wars seemed very important at the time, but now seem trivial and stupid.
SIMMONS:yeah and i've got apocalypse. that's way worse than anything you two dipshits have.
SIMMONS:sorry sir, that "dipshit" was in character.
SARGE:oh. well, bravo simmons.
DONUT:one day, in the present, a terrible thing happened.
CABOOSE:enter stage left. hello, i am stupid private tucker. i am going to set off a big bomb now, and totally mess things up for everyone. because i am stupid. turns around. hello, present. i'm going to set off a bomb in you.
GRIF:don't do that, stupid private tucker. that might kill me.
CABOOSE:thinks about this, for a moment.
DONUT:caboose, stop reading your stage directions.
CABOOSE:you told me i was supposed to read anything with my name in front of it.
DONUT:just the lines, not the blocking. you're ruining my big debut!
CABOOSE:i do not think we are meshing, artistically. i think you should talk to my agent.
GRIF:this is stupid, i quit.
DONUT:you can't quit! end scene! this has been a franklin donut joint.
SARGE:listen, son. you and your buddy church set off a bomb, which when combined with the weather machinery in lopez, made an explosion so large it destroyed the present.
TUCKER:destroyed the present, then where are we?
SIMMONS:we're in the future, numbnuts.
TUCKER:aren't we in the present right now? aren't we always in the present?
SIMMONS:unbelievable, he can't cope with the loss. he's in denial.
GRIF:that is so sad.
SARGE:son, you're just not listenin'. the present has been destroyed. it no longer exists. we are in the future.
TUCKER:ah-ho, it makes no sense!
DONUT:i'm currently working on a short film to explain it. tom cruise has the script, and i hear he's veeery interested.
TUCKER:you're telling me a bomb sent us in to the future.
SIMMONS:yeah, you see luckily church was facing forward when the bomb went off, and we were standing in front of him? so that sent us forward in to the future.
TUCKER:of course he was facing forward. what other way can people face?
SIMMONS:you see? that's what i meant by luckily.
TUCKER:what happened to church?
SARGE:hmm. never really thought about him.
SIMMONS:yeah, weird, i- i guess he's dead.
SARGE:sounds good to me, let's go with that.
TUCKER:he could be hurt, and trapped in the present.
SARGE:that's impossible, son. the present doesn't exist any more. what you're proposing just isn't very good science.
TUCKER:don't you see? if church was facing forward during the explosion, and that blew us in to the future, that could mean that he was blown backward in to the... oh no!
SARGE:backwards in to what? a wall? a broom closet?
GRIF:a big rock?
CABOOSE:another big rock!
TUCKER:no! in to the past!
CHURCH:what the hell? where the hell am i?
GRIF:they destroyed it all, simmons, those damn stupid bastards. they blew it all up! damn them! damn them to hell! those damn dirty apes!
SIMMONS:calm down grif, we don't know that the whole world is like this.
GRIF:yes it is, they destroyed it all. i guess the society of men just wasn't meant to survive.
SIMMONS:hey how 'bout this: how 'bout we explore, more than two square miles, before we jump to any conclusions.
GRIF:it was definitely nuclear weapons, that's what did it. and the explosions caused massive power outages which caused the failsafe to fail, which released a super bacteria from a secret lab.
SIMMONS:oh come on.
GRIF:that caused a huge plague, and as the victims died, they rose from the dead twelve hours later to roam the earth and feast on human flesh.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:a handful of gritty survivors from all walks of life were able to keep the legions of the infected radioactive undead at bay, using only their wits, and an inexplicable comprehension of agricultural science and engineering. everything was looking good... and that's when the meteor hit.
SIMMONS:i think you just quoted every crappy hollywood apocalypse movie ever.
TUCKER:naw. hollywood doesn't understand apocalypse. they think that just one thing from everyday life goes away and that changes everything. like in road warrior it was gas, and in waterworld it was land.
SIMMONS:what went away in the matrix?
TUCKER:sunlight.
GRIF:i thought the missing element was plot.
TUCKER:i'm talkin about matrix one.
SIMMONS:oh right.
GRIF:face it simmons, the age of man is done.
SIMMONS:if all that happened, then were are the zombies? why aren't they still around?
GRIF:the meteor killed them!
SIMMONS:and what about the super bacteria?
GRIF:it was infected by alien bacteria brought by the meteor, and was wiped out in a massive bacteria on bacteria plague. very ironic.
SIMMONS:okay, then why haven't we been infected by the new alien bacteria?
GRIF:it only infects other bacteria. are you even listening to me?
TUCKER:do you guys ever get anything done, or you do you just stand around and talk all day?
GRIF:we don't get paid enough to do stuff.
TUCKER:but what about church, idiot? how're we gonna get him from the past to the future?
GRIF:i guess he can just wait. that's how it usually works.
TUCKER:but when he gets to the present, he'll just be destroyed like everything else.
SIMMONS:well, he'll just have to fix it on his own then.
GRIF:and if he's successful, he'll get to live through the coolest apocalypse of all time!
SARGE:simmons, grif, get yer keesters over here.
CABOOSE:look what i found.
DONUT:i found it!
CABOOSE:look at what i took credit for finding.
SARGE:a-mazing that these two actually accomplished something.
GRIF:it looks like some kind of an alien transport mechanism that could be used to-
SIMMONS:or, it's a jeep.
GRIF:you have no imagination.
SARGE:hmmm, let me see if i can get this thing working.
SIMMONS:how? there's no parts. and what're you gonna use for fuel?
SARGE:grif was right, simmons. you don't have any imagination.
GRIF:thank you sir.
SARGE:shut up, scumbag, we're not having a moment.
TUCKER:hey. we need to find church.
SARGE:he's dead, son. why haven't you given up hope yet and just moved on.
TUCKER:it's only been a couple of hours!
SARGE:well this should make you feel better. when his body blasted in to smithereens, at least he took all our enemies with him.
LOPEZ:peligro. error. error.
CAPTION: warning. error. error.
LOPEZ:peligro. error. error.
CAPTION: warning. error. error.
LOPEZ:no puedo tocar mi cuerpo. (as if winding down)
CAPTION: i cannot feel  my  body...
O'MALLEY:(evil laugh) don't worry, my metallic friend. you'll be up and about in no time. muhahahaha. muhhh-hahaha-heh. u-ha! haw. ha-ha. uhngh. (cough) hah!
SARGE:donut, hold the light right there. no, not on me, on that. why would i need the light, on my face?
DONUT:hey sarge, what's that metal thing that looks like a bunny!? ooh, ooh, and what's that other metal thing that looks like a soup can?
SARGE:don't touch anything, donut. okay fellas, i think i've got it. give her a crank. ...guys? ...hey, what in tarnation are you knuckleheads doing up there?
SIMMONS:no, i don't think getting new rims for the jeep's a good idea.
GRIF:(in the driver seat of the jeep) oh come on! if we all kick in, we can get some spinners, some kickass subs, hydraulics!
TUCKER:i'm in.
SIMMONS:why?
GRIF:uh, for style?
TUCKER:for chicks!
SIMMONS:what chicks, there's noone for miles. we don't even know if anyone's still alive.
GRIF:what, suddenly you're a pessimist?
TUCKER:yeah, but if we do find some women, we will literally be the last men on earth for them.
GRIF:he's right.
TUCKER:all my life i've had girls tell me, "not if you were the last man on earth," haha. well that may be true, but let's see what happens when i'm the last man on earth with a sweetass pimped out ride, bitch.
SARGE:(standing up) if you ladies are through gossipping, i could use some help fixing our vehicle.
GRIF:oh yeah, right, here let me try.
SARGE:wait!
DONUT:(still under the jeep) ya-ya-yaaaoouwwwww!
SARGE:donut, are you okay?
DONUT:i was just, petting, the bunny. and then it went in to the soup can... and part of my hand went with it.
SARGE:(lying back down) gehrururur...
TUCKER:bunny and hand soup, just like mom used to make.
SARGE:donut, i told you not to touch anything. you touched everything! that's the exact opposite of touching nothing!
GRIF:hey, what're you doing?
SIMMONS:what does it look like i'm doing, i'm getting in the jeep.
GRIF:what're we, on a date? get in the back.
SIMMONS:oh you're so insecure.
SARGE:(standing back up) will you two shut up? we need to get this thing fixed.
DONUT:i feel dizzy, sarge...
SARGE:oh, that's just blood loss. you'll make new blood, you just need some orange juice.
TUCKER:what's the rush on getting this thing fixed, anyway?
SARGE:listen dirtbag, i know on blue team you like to lollygag a bit-
TUCKER:there is no blue team. it's all a lie. red and blue are the same.
GRIF:aw, don't start that crap again.
SIMMONS:you sound like a conspiracy nut when you talk about that stuff. the government put a chip in my brain.
GRIF:the president can hear my thoughts.
DONUT:we never landed on the sun. (sharp inhale) they put fluoride in my water!
SIMMONS:actually, that one's true.
GRIF:it is? no wonder i listen to so much pop music.
SARGE:we're fixing the jeep because we need to be prepared. just as our enemies are no doubt preparing to attack us at this very moment.
TUCKER:but you guys think i'm your enemy, and i'm not preparing to do anything. 'cept get l-a-i-d.
SIMMONS:...
GRIF:...
TUCKER:laid.
GRIF:yeah, we can spell. we just think that was fucking weak.
O'MALLEY:(maniacal laughter) yes, this place will do nicely for an evil lair. it's diabolically designed!
DOC:as a student of feng-shui, i can tell you this house is 88% good luck. also, very breezy. i like the floorplan.
O'MALLEY:quiet you fool.
LOPEZ:noms quiero un cuarto solo para m.
CAPTION: i just want my own room.
LOPEZ:no me gusto compartir con el vaco.
CAPTION: i hate sharing with the vacuum.
O'MALLEY:hello? is anyone home? don't be alarmed, we're only here to kill you and take all your possessions. excellent! no doubt our very presence, has scared everyone away! (evil laugh)
DOC:why don't we just see if this place is listed by a licensed real estate agent?
O'MALLEY:oh shut up!
DOC:but we don't even know if it's been inspected recently. it could need foundation work.
LOPEZ:podra tener el molde.
CAPTION: it could have mold.
O'MALLEY:both of you shut up. we're moving in and that's final. it has machine gun turrets, two living quarters with ample closet space, and a short commute to my secret laboratory! ...it's perfect.
DOC:yeah, but what about the school district?
LOPEZ:no tenemos ningn nios.
CAPTION: we have no children.
DOC:it's important to think about resale value, lopez.
O'MALLEY:resale value? our plan is to rule the world! not make prudent investments.
LOPEZ:es importante tener un plan del retraso.
CAPTION: it's important to have a fallback plan.
O'MALLEY:oh shut up. we're moving in, that's final.
DOC:hey look, a computer! now i can finally update my blog.
LOPEZ:tenes un weblog?
CAPTION: you have a blog?
DOC:yeahah, it's great. it's just like being a real journalist, but without all the hassle of like liability and accuracy.
O'MALLEY:no, i need that computer for compiling evil formulas. and to rebuild the weather machine. also to download music. (evil laugh)
LOPEZ:quien quiere un postal de googl invita?
CAPTION: does anyone want a g-mail invite?
DOC:ooh, i do!
LOPEZ:tengo cuarenta mil a dar. es muy exclusivo.
CAPTION: i only have 40,000. it's very exclusive.
O'MALLEY:where's the mouse thingy?
DOC:it has one of those red rubber dot thingies on the keyboard. that's way better than a mouse. i call it a nubben. who wants to touch my nubben?
O'MALLEY:yeeees, this place is coming along nicely. excellent work repairing the turrets, lopez.
LOPEZ:gracias. el trabajar manual me encanta.
CAPTION: thank you. i find manual labor stimulating.
DOC:i still say a flowerbox would have been a bit more neighborly.
O'MALLEY:oh shut up you fool!
DOC:hey, we should start a neighborhood association. it's just like a government, but run by housewives and old people. so it's a lot more efficient at controlling your lives.
O'MALLEY:shut up, get out of my head!
DOC:technically it's my head. but i don't mind sharing. don't you remember that talk we had about sharing?
O'MALLEY:shut up!
RED ZEALOT:at last! my pilgrimage is over! i have reached the promised land!
O'MALLEY:(running to the ledge, through the fan) who is that. oh no. not this buffoon! how did he get here?
LOPEZ:l estaba cerca de la bomba, cuando quem.
CAPTION: he probably was blown nearby by the bomb.
O'MALLEY:hellooooo. what do you want?
RED ZEALOT:the disembodied voice of god! (kneels) i hear you holy one! i have made it to the temple and await your command!
O'MALLEY:up here- helloooo. red moron. eyes up, chop-chop!
RED ZEALOT:oh. greetings! are you the gatekeeper of the temple?
DOC:us? no, we just moved in. can you help us move a couch? and do you know any good restaurants nearby?
O'MALLEY:just a second. (to doc) listen you foool, let me handle this.
DOC:i don't know, you haven't been the best choice when it comes to making friends. maybe i should try.
O'MALLEY:nonsense! with the proper handling, this fellow will make an excellent stooge. and i'm the one here with the most experience training stooges. isn't that right, lopez...
LOPEZ:nyuk, nyuk.
CAPTION: nyuk, nyuk.
O'MALLEY:you see!?
DOC:okay, you can handle this, but i get to hang my motivational posters in the living room. hang in there kitty!
O'MALLEY:fine. but i'm telling you that cat will never make it to friday. (to courtyard) yes, i am the guardian of the temple. what do you want?
RED ZEALOT:i have travelled great distances, in search of enlightenment!
O'MALLEY:reaaally, that's perfect. we have tons of that in here, but listen. we just can't let anyone in who wants to get in, so goodbye.
RED ZEALOT:wait! i will do anything. just tell me what i need to do to gain entrance.
DOC:psst, ask him what he knows about gardening.
LOPEZ:pregnteles si l desea sus hombros.
CAPTION: ask him if we can have his shoulders.
DOC:maybe he knows how to use that computer we found.
O'MALLEY:alright then come on in. we'll think of something, (evil laughter) (more evil laughter) (even more evil laughter) (still more evil laughter)
LOPEZ:en tnel es abajo. usted va a soplaro.
CAPTION: tone it down. you're going to blow it.
O'MALLEY:(yet again, more evil laughter)
LOPEZ:ese es demasiado.
CAPTION: ok, now that's just too much.
O'MALLEY:what was that? (turning away slowly) hmm... (turning back quickly) aha! heh? (turning away) hmm, a-ha! ...minding my own business, slowly walking away and haa, i got you! (turns around). ...oh forget it.
SARGE:grif, simmons, where've you two been?
SIMMONS:our patrol didn't go exactly as planned, sarge.
SARGE:did you find something? wait a minute, where's the jeep?
GRIF:yeeaah, it's like this.
SARGE:grif... i just built that jeep, i don't want to hear that it's been destroyed.
GRIF:oh, well then maybe i should stop talking. or you can stop listening.
SARGE:grif!
SIMMONS:nonono it's not destroyed sarge, the engine just quit.
SARGE:and what exactly were you doing when the engine died?
GRIF:duh, getting the jeep outta the ditch.
SARGE:what was the jeep doing in a ditch?
GRIF:well i can tell you what it wasn't doing, and that's reenacting the coolest scene from the dukes of hazzard ever.
SARGE:rrrrrrrrrrrrr.
GRIF:simmons was driving.
SIMMONS:no i wasn't, i was holding the arrows and the dynamite!
SARGE:wait a second, this thing isn't busted, it's just outta gas.
GRIF:it runs on gas?
SARGE:of course not moron, where are we gonna get gasoline? i modified the fuel cells to utilize a form of cold fission, powered by solar energy.
SIMMONS:so then why is it dead, sir?
SARGE:you would have had to park it in the shade for at least two hours. what were you doing parked in the shade for two hours?
GRIF:well i can tell you what we weren't doing...
SARGE:ah, forget it. come on, help me push this thing in the sunlight. one, two, three!
SIMMONS:hurrrr...
SARGE:hurrrrniaaa.
GRIF:hurr. man this thing weighs a ton. holy crap. wowzers.
SIMMONS:dumbass.
GRIF:oh right.
SARGE:hurrrr.
GRIF:stupid jeep.
SARGE:grif, what happened to this fender?
GRIF:it was like that when we took it out!
SARGE:and where's the hubcap?
GRIF:man, this neighborhood's really going to crap.
SARGE:i gotta buy those in sets of four, numbnuts.
SIMMONS:the jeep's getting power.
SARGE:turn that crap off.
TEX:(over the radio) come in, does anyone hear me? over.
SARGE:what the, who's that?
TEX:this is freelancer tex, looking for anyone from the blood gulch outposts, do you read. over.
GRIF:it's that mean chick from the blue team.
SIMMONS:hang up on her.
SARGE:good idea.
TEX:i have found o'malley's base. i repeat, i have found o'malley's base.
SARGE:o'malley? son of a-
SIMMONS:where is she?
TEX:they seem to be holed up in some kind of a fortress. i'm not sure how i got here or how they built it, but if you can read this, i need you to get to me as fast as you can.
GRIF:maybe we could use the radio to triangulate her position.
SIMMONS:how? we only have one radio. we would need a third point to triangulate.
GRIF:okay, well let's just pick a point between her and us.
SIMMONS:what? that's not a triangle you idiot, that's a line!
GRIF:right, a line that we'll follow straight to tex! it's the perfect mathematical plan!
SIMMONS:hey grif, why don't you just stick to criticizing other people's ideas, instead of coming up with your own.
GRIF:it does seem to be my talent.
SARGE:i could simulate a third radio by using some of this sand, and the heat from the jeep's tailpipe to make an enormous refractory lens. and then-
GRIF:or we could just listen to the coordinates she's sending.
TEX:my coordinates are two two niner delta, by one point three seven gamma.
SIMMONS:uh yeah, we could do that too. ...what's wrong sarge?
SARGE:(sigh) nothing.
SIMMONS:you really wanted to make the lens, didn't you.
SARGE:you're damn right!
SIMMONS:well we can make it later, when we have more time.
SARGE:awwww, don't patronize me.
TEX:i need you guys to come right away. or better yet, send someone who can fight.
TEX:what took you guys so long to get here?
SIMMONS:there's six of us, and this is only a three seater jeep. half of us had to sit on someone else's lap.
DONUT:it was a great road trip. my favourite part was when grif tried to change gears, and he accidentally-
GRIF:hugh, please, let's not tell the story. is there somewhere i can wash my hands?
SARGE:what you find, tex?
TEX:well, o'malley's holed up in his fortress. he's been fortifying his defenses for a few days now, and he's got some help, one of those religious nuts you guys picked up.
CABOOSE:oh, i like them. they were funny.
TUCKER:caboose, they tried to kill you because of a flag.
CABOOSE:i try not to remember the bad things about people.
TUCKER:that's all they tried to do, there were no good things.
CABOOSE:that's okay. i have a really bad memory-wow look, a beach!
SARGE:shut up caboose. what's yer plan, tex?
TEX:well first we have to breach the outer wall.
CABOOSE:oh. i love breaching!
TEX:then, we have to get past another wall.
SIMMONS:two walls? some people are so materialistic.
TEX:the second wall has a guard tower, and an enormous razor-sharp spinning blade.
SIMMONS:what that thing? it's spinning like two miles an hour.
TEX:i didn't say it'd be hard to get past. after that, we have to pass the gun turrets, and break in to the building.
SARGE:and then we attack o'malley.
TEX:no. that's when we plant, this.
CABOOSE:...we're planting a volleyball.
TEX:it's not a ball, it's a bomb.
CABOOSE:we're planting a volleybomb?
TEX:i've scouted a location inside the base where we can set it off and take the whole place down. i marked the spot with a big x.
TUCKER:you scouted it.
TEX:yeah.
TUCKER:if you got past the two walls, the huge spinning blade, the gun turrets, and made it all the way in to the fortress, why didn't you just plant the bomb then instead of putting a big x on the floor?
TEX:...i can't carry it.
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:what was that?
TEX:it's too heavy, okay? you happy?
GRIF:yeah kinda.
TEX:i need one of you idiots to carry it. i don't have the upper body strength to move it on my own.
GRIF:see, girls act like they're so tough, but the first time they need someone to move a couch, who do they call.
TEX:
GRIF:please don't kill me.
SARGE:(walking to the volleybomb) ahh, go ahead and kill him. we could use the armor for spare parts. here, this thing doesn't look so heavy, let me t-yooo that thing ain't movin'!
CABOOSE:i can carry it.
TEX:i guarantee you'll need two people.
TUCKER:no it's true, he's got crazy strength. church and i think it's god's way of compensating.
CABOOSE:(lifting the bomb) see...
SARGE:great paul's bunyan, he's like an ox.
CABOOSE:but i have no horns... or lumberjack friends.
GRIF:come on, no way it can be that bad. let me give it a-
GRIF:wheaugh! hugh. okay, you can carry it.
SARGE:alright, then we'll storm in there, blow up o'malley, leave grif for dead, and maybe find some clues about what happened to church and lopez.
TEX:you mean your robot? he's in there with him.
SARGE:lopez is in the building?
LOPEZ:ese persona rojo est comenzados a conseguir a mi nervios.
CAPTION: that red guy is really starting to get on my nerves.
DOC:he keeps asking me if i've accepted the flag as my saviour. i'm just not comfortable talking about religion in the workplace.
O'MALLEY:oh no, here he comes.
RED ZEALOT:master, headmaster, i have finished the duties you assigned me.
O'MALLEY:you polished all the curtains?
RED ZEALOT:yes! and the ammunition too! it was like cleaning the impurities from my very essence!
O'MALLEY:what about the evil windmill?
RED ZEALOT:i greased the engine and filled it with gas. it was like giving my own soul a tune-up!
O'MALLEY:yes yes, alright fine. why don't you see about patching up some of these holes in the walls. i think there's some sinister spackle in the toolshed.
RED ZEALOT:excellent idea, sir. it will probably help keep out that crowd of people that's been gathering on the beach.
O'MALLEY:yes of course, all the people on the beach, blah blah blah blah blah. wait. what did he say?
TEX:wait let me get this straight. the biggest threat we know of is in that building, and you don't want me to blow it up?
SIMMONS:we can't, we need lopez's head. it has valuable information stored in it.
TEX:sorry, i'm going with the bomb. but hey, here's an idea, maybe you could find your buddy's head in the rubble when we're done.
GRIF:come on, we can't lift a bomb but we can dig through rubble?
TEX:sorry, but there is no way i'm letting o'malley get away this time.
TUCKER:just hire her.
GRIF:what?
TUCKER:hire her to help you get lopez back. she'll do anything for money.
TEX:that's not true.
TUCKER:it's not? i'll give you ten bucks to tear off grif's arm.
TEX:which one's grif?
TUCKER:see, she's not even really on the blue team. she was just paid to come help us.
GRIF:(pointing at simmons) he's grif.
SIMMONS:how do we pay her, we don't even have any money. we don't even know what money is in the future.
GRIF:yeah, they could have shells, or laser beams for currency.
SIMMONS:laser beams.
GRIF:hyeah. that would be the coolest wallet ever.
TUCKER:why don't you trade her a favour?
GRIF:huh?
TUCKER:have her do this for you, and then you guys owe her a favour. that's how these freelancers get stuff done, right?
TEX:that'll work. i'll help you, and then the two of you have to do something for me.
SIMMONS:okay, we'll do it.
GRIF:wait just a second. what would we have to do...
TEX:it all depends.
GRIF:depends on what.
TEX:onnn, what i need. to do some future job.
GRIF:but, it could be anything.
TEX:that's right, anything.
GRIF:... ... ...like gay stuff?
TEX:i have no idea.
GRIF:well can we rule out the gay stuff?
DONUT:hey, how come i never get to help?
SARGE:no, no, what're you doin'? don't lift with your legs, your back's the strongest muscle in your body. and look man, your knees aren't even locked, how do you expect to stand up straight? come on, put your groin in to it. and stop exhaling on every lift. the goal is to hold your breath as long as possible. under stress, the body produces all the oxygen it needs. herrrr. groin it out.
CABOOSE:can't i just pick this up when we are ready to go?
SARGE:yeah, i guess that makes sense.
CABOOSE:ahhhh...
TEX:okay, we're ready to go!
CABOOSE:crap.
SARGE:okay, listen up dirtbags. if we're gonna invade this fortress, we need a good gameplan. i have got two options we can use.
SARGE:number one, we all run straight at the base in a single file line, screaming at the top of our lungs. the enemy will be so flabberghasted, by the time they have a chance to regroup, we'll already be inside.
TUCKER:oh yeah right, they're not gonna get surprised, they're just gonna start mowing us down.
SARGE:that's the inherent beauty of the single file line. they can only kill the person in front. so if we order from least important to most important, with tucker being in the front and me being in the back, then we just might make it through.
SIMMONS:don't you think caboose should be in the back, since he's the one carrying the bomb?
SARGE:nope, caboose is in front of me. we need someone in back who can objectively evaluate how the plan is working.
TUCKER:how're you gonna know if it's not working?
SARGE:if caboose dies, i'll know we're in trouble, and immediately abort.
CABOOSE:(holding the bomb) i think that's a good plan.
GRIF:sarge, while that's the most retarded idea i've ever heard, i just wanted to thank you for not putting me in front of the line.
SARGE:don't get misty, francine. we'll have already killed you and used your corpse to jam up the windmill.
GRIF'S LIFELESS CORPSE:bleah!!!!!!!!!!!
SARGE:i think we can all agree given our current situation, it's the perfect plan.
EVERYONE:...........................
SARGE:okay, well let me tell you about my other plan. using parts from the warthog-
GRIF:(to tex) i'm hoping you've got a better idea.
SARGE:(under grif's line) we build what i like to call "the grif cannon."
GRIF:hoh man...
SARGE:utilising the power of the grif cannon, we make a grif-sized hole in the outer wall. ...or we paint it a very disgusting color.
O'MALLEY:hahaha, fools. they don't stand a chance against us, hahaha. do they men.
LOPEZ:no. los macho comer os.
CAPTION: no. we will crush them.
RED ZEALOT:the flag is on our side. we will be victorious!
O'MALLEY:stupendous! to your battle stations, on to crushing victory! the fools don't stand a chance against our might! muahahaa.
RED ZEALOT AND  LOPEZ:...
O'MALLEY:what're you still doing there?
RED ZEALOT:i forget. which battle station is mine? i'm still learning my way around the fortress.
LOPEZ:necesito a llega m llevo. no tengo ningn torso.
CAPTION: i need someone to carry me. i have no torso.
SARGE:okay, is everyone ready? donut, caboose and i will move the bomb down the staircase and along the left side of the base.
CABOOSE:(holding the bomb and talking as if he's in labor) please hurry, i don't know how much longer i can talk like this.
DONUT:man that does look heavy. you really should consider wearing some kind of supportive undergarment.
CABOOSE:u-no thanks. i can do it.
DONUT:come on now, don't be shy. you can borrow one of mine! i'm thinking something with lace. lace is totally in right now!
TUCKER:ooh, sniper rifle!
TEX:(taking it) i got it.
TUCKER:fuck.
SIMMONS:copy that sarge.
SARGE:simmons, you and the two bullet magnets move up the right side and try to cause some kind of distraction.
SIMMONS:any suggestions?
SARGE:as long as it draws their fire away from us and towards you i don't care.
DONUT:try some dance moves! oh! you could do a musical number!
SARGE:get off the radio, donut!
SIMMONS:alright, looks like we're on our own guys. tex, how does it look from up there?
TEX:i don't see any movement... but the guns are definitely online.
TUCKER:you know what, i miss the old days, when we didn't risk our lives, and you guys were all just a bunch of nameless assholes i would yell at with church.
GRIF:it's okay. we hate you too man.
SARGE:okay, let's move out!
O'MALLEY:huhah, here they come. get ready.
RED ZEALOT:prepare to be cleansed, infidels!
LOPEZ:no los dejarn cruzar la frontera.
CAPTION: i will not let them cross the border.
SIMMONS:alright, so far so good. sarge, we are in position.
SARGE:roger that. we are also in position. no sign of the enemy.
DONUT:mahan, this is the easiest fortress invading mission, of all time.
CABOOSE:maybe for you, this thing is heavy, for me. (drops the bomb)
SARGE:careful with that thing, caboose!
DONUT:uh... sarge?
SARGE:you could blow us all to smithereens!
DONUT:sarge, i'm pretty sure that guy up there with the gun, sees us.
SARGE:you wanna blow people to smithereens, at least make sure grif is nearby.
DONUT:duck!
SARGE:what the?
CABOOSE:a duck? where? i love ducks.
SARGE:get down, idiot.
GRIF:we're under fire, sarge we're under fire!
SARGE:good! now jump up and draw them off.
TUCKER:what'd he say?
GRIF:he was breaking up. i think he said something about staying here, and not doing anything risky.
SIMMONS:tex, see what you can do about that gun!
TEX:you got it.
TEX:hyeah, headshot!
GRIF:nice shooting, tex.
SIMMONS:tucker. you and tex head up across that bridge. try to take out that other turret. we'll head in to the base and see if we can find o'malley.
TUCKER:why do i have to go up against a machine gun, and you guys get to go play hide and seek?
SIMMONS:the guy we're seeking has a rocket launcher.
TUCKER:oh, right. uh, have fun doing that.
SARGE:caboose, we'll hold them off from up here. you take the bomb and try to sneak in the front of the base.
CABOOSE:okay.
DONUT:wow, sarge. you actually decided to sacrifice yourself for someone else!
SARGE:quiet donut! i'm gonna need your help. when the turrets kill caboose, i'm gonna need you to carry the bomb in to the base.
TEX:i can't see him from here. let's move out. (runs across the fan)
TUCKER:okay, but jus- (falls down behind the fan) whoahoa! ah!
TEX:tucker! are you okay?
TUCKER:yeah i'm okay, i dropped down in to some kind of hole. can you give me a hand?
TEX:oh. let me take out this turret. i'll be back for you later.
TUCKER:what is that? hoaho, what the hell is this?
SIMMONS:okay grif, we just need to jump through here.
GRIF:okay, go for it.
SIMMONS:me? why me first?
GRIF:because, i don't wanna die?
SIMMONS:but this thing's moving super slow. see?
GRIF:nice knowing you simmons.
SARGE:no, shoot the guy with the bomb! you're ruining the plan!
TEX:i'm pinned down, i need assistance!
TUCKER:(arriving next to the red zealot) hey asshole. (flips out some glowing blade thing)
RED ZEALOT:heuh?
RED ZEALOT:my quest is over... i can see the flag... it's so, flappy... hegh-bleahhhh
TEX:hey, where'd you get that?
TUCKER:i dunno, i found it in the hole. pretty cool. look what i can do. (swings it in the air)
TEX:hey, you wanna trade it for the sniper rifle?
TUCKER:no thanks, i'm good.
CABOOSE:x. i'm looking for an x. that, is a plus sign. not an x. i need to find an x.
CHURCH:(from nowhere) hello? caboose, is that you? can you hear me?
CABOOSE:church?
CHURCH:okay, think church. the bomb went off, you got knocked out, you woke up, and you were here. question is, where is here?
COMPUTER: hello. you are early.
CHURCH:me?
COMPUTER: you are not supposed to be here for another 1,856 years.
CHURCH:what is this place?
COMPUTER: this is the housing facility for the great weapon. i am the keeper of the great weapon. you are the great destroyer. you will demolish this facility, kill me, steal the great weapon, and bring about the great doom for billions of people. ... welcome! how may i be of assistance?
CHURCH:what're you talking about?
COMPUTER: your coming has been foretold by the great prophecy.
CHURCH:does your society have any other adjectives besides great?
COMPUTER: the great prophecy warns the great destoyer will be a blue being.
CHURCH:and you think that's me.
COMPUTER: the blue being will be known as the stupidest life form in the universe.
CHURCH:wait a second, this destroyer guy. he dresses like me, but he's dumber than anyone else in existence.
COMPUTER: correct.
CHURCH:oh crap.
CABOOSE:mister sargeant! mister sargeant! come quick!
SARGE:you'd better have a damn good reason for interrupting our search. can't you see this is an extremely organized and highly motivated operation!
GRIF:yeah i'm bored, i wanna stop doing whatever it is i'm pretending to be doing.
SARGE:you're supposed to be helping me look for lopez, meat sack. you said you saw him up here.
GRIF:we saw his head.
SARGE:just the head?
GRIF:yeah, it was operating the right turret.
SARGE:how was he pullin' the triggers?
SIMMONS:he's very determined.
SARGE:you're sure it was lopez.
GRIF:well, i heard screaming in spanish, and bullets flying through the air, so either that was lopez, or this is mexican new year.
SARGE:well where's his head now?
SIMMONS:i don't know, tex shot it. hey, tex!
TEX:what?
SIMMONS:when you shot lopez's head, where did it go?
TEX:how do i know?
SIMMONS:are you sure you hit it?
TEX:...
SIMMONS:i mean is it possible that you missed?
TEX:...
SIMMONS:i mean just this one time, it doesn't say anything about your overall skill level.
TEX:...
SIMMONS:yeah, she says she doesn't know.
DONUT:wow, that's sweet! i like the glowing part. wh-h does it make cool noises when you swing it?
TUCKER:i don't think so... no, wait, is "whoosh" a noise? because if it is then it does, it goes whoosh whoosh, whshsh, whshthsh, whithishsh, wh-kch, chchchchc, whshsshh, hhshshsh ing, ching, whsch, wheouw. (swings the blade a couple times, making it whoosh in the air) see?
DONUT:and you found that in a hole?
TUCKER:yeah dude i was just walking along, following tex, not really paying attention you know. i fell in some hole. and uh, tex didn't help me out, she figured she was better off without me, and that's when i found this.
DONUT:you know, most people would tell that story in a way that makes it sound a little better.
TUCKER:yeah but, you know, that's not really my style.
DONUT:man, i've never found something that cool in a hole. and i've explored just about every hole you can think of!
TUCKER:hey dude, do me a favor and don't talk like that when i'm playing with my thing.
SARGE:caboose, what're you yammerin' about? did you find lopez?
CABOOSE:someone meaner!
SARGE:o'malley?
CABOOSE:meaner!
GRIF:you found someone meaner than the guy trying to destroy the universe.
CABOOSE:yes!
CHURCH:(in the console behind a bsod) caboose, is that you? can you hear me?
CABOOSE:see? it's church. ahand he's meaner than ever!
CHURCH:caboose, is that you? can you hear me?
CABOOSE:church. i can hear you. can you hear me.
CHURCH:caboose, is that you? can you hear me?
CABOOSE:church. i can hear you. how are you?
CHURCH:caboose, is that you? can you hear me?
SIMMONS:i think it might be a recording.
GRIF:quiet, i wanna see how long this lasts.
CABOOSE:church. i can hear you. do you miss me?
SARGE:move over, brainiac, let me see if i can get the rest of this thing to play. (starts fidgeting with the console)
CABOOSE:i carried the bomb and found church. i, am a very important person.
GRIF:yes we're very impressed...
SARGE:hmm. i think i can reroute power from the main coupling to the memory storage compartment. grif, we may have to use some of your circuitry from your armor's life support system.
GRIF:or, i could just hit the play button.
SARGE:are you sure? i'm already down here.
GRIF:i'm sure.
SARGE:i already got the access panel off and everything.
GRIF:pressing play.
SARGE:alright fine.
CHURCH:caboose, i know you're there. i'm leaving this message from two thousand years in the past. whatever you do, don't, touch, anything. apparently you're this culture's version of the apocalypse. you're going to destroy this building, and somehow bring about doom for their entire race.
CABOOSE:mmmmmmnooo... that doesn't sound like me. i like people. and buildings also.
SIMMONS:caboose, what did you do with the bomb you were carrying?
CABOOSE:i put it on the x, like... i was s'posed to.
SIMMONS:uh oh.
GRIF:i think we'd better get outta here.
CHURCH:whatever you do, don't touch the glowing weapon thing they have stored there.
SIMMONS:uh oh.
CHURCH:and if you do, definitely don't bring it in to the main building.
TUCKER:what's up, dawgs?
CHURCH:otherwise the whole place is gonna lock down, and you're gonna be trapped.
DONUT:automatic garage door, cool!
CABOOSE:would you stop saying bad things that come true! or... say them ten seconds earlier!
SARGE:tex, this is sarge. do not detonate the bomb.
TEX:i don't have a detonator, it's on a timer.
GRIF:a countdown timer?
TEX:no, a countup timer. it goes from one, to explode. of course a countdown timer you idiot!
SARGE:i think we might be in trouble. ah fudgepumps.
CHURCH:just don't touch anything, don't look at anything, don't breathe on anything.
COMPUTER: message recorded. do you think it will work?
CHURCH:no. like you said man, that guy's dumb as a rock! but at least he has some slightly less stupid people around him that can kind of help him from time to time.
SARGE:just three minutes left on the bomb!
DONUT:whah! we're all gonna explode and die!
GRIF:simmons come over here, help me chew on this wall. we can eat our way out!
CHURCH:yeah, on second thought i'd better get back there and handle this personally. y'know if i could only get back to our old bases, maybe i can change some key events and keep them from getting there. hey, do you have any way to teleport me to blood gulch?
COMPUTER: no. but working at full capacity, i could create a teleporter in approximately 1,000 years.
CHURCH:a thousand years, huh? kind of a long wait. you know any jokes?
COMPUTER: did you hear the one about the positronic brain?
CHURCH:oh yeah, that's the one with the, active matrix and the...
COMPUTER: yes. that's it. i just love that one. ha. ha. ha.
CHURCH:yeah it's funny. it's old, but, yeah it's funny.
COMPUTER: how about the one with the jewish simm chip and the irish expansion slot?
CHURCH:hey come on dude, let's, try to keep it clean.
COMPUTER: hey. pull my dongle. come on you big baby. just one pull. it won't kill you.
GRIF:howh, just two minutes left.
SARGE:men, i don't want this to sound pessimistic, but i'm absolutely certain we're all gonna die!
SIMMONS:i think that that's a totally objective assessment of the situation, sir.
TUCKER:(hitting the window shutters with the ultimate weapon) what if we just beat on these window shutters together, we can get 'em open.
SARGE:no, that would be the coward's way out. fruitlessly trying to escape instead of accepting your own fate!
TUCKER:(jumping up in the now open window) but i can see daylight!
SARGE:it's true. only a miracle can save us now.
COMPUTER: teleporter complete. slightly behind schedule.
CHURCH:(with a white beard all the way to tibet) you know, it might have gone a bit faster if you hadn't spent so much processor time telling knock-knock jokes.
COMPUTER: knock knock.
CHURCH:enough. do you have the coordinates to send me to blood gulch or not?
COMPUTER: yes. do you have a plan yet?
CHURCH:i've been standing in this hallway thinking for a thousand years. i've had time.
COMPUTER: and?
CHURCH:well, the main thing i need to do, is keep myself from dying.
COMPUTER:(with a glaring typo)  thats a given.
CHURCH:and since all our problems stem from o'malley jumpin' from tex to caboose, all i need to do is prevent her from dying too.
COMPUTER: because you secretly love her.
CHURCH:oh don't start that again. all i need to do is kill that pink guy that sticks the grenade on her.
COMPUTER: sounds easy.
CHURCH:well, i have knowledge of everything that takes place beforehand, so, as long as i don't interfere too much, or get spotted, should be a frigging breeze.
COMPUTER: ready to transport.
CHURCH:okay, let's do it. goodbye... computer. compu- you know what, you'd think i would have come up with a name for you in these thousand years.
COMPUTER: it's gary. but thanks for asking. see you in a few hundred years.
CHURCH:computer, you've got to send me back!
GARY: to blood gulch? you just left.
CHURCH:no no no not to blood gulch, to sidewinder! man i totally screwed everything up!
GARY: how?
GRIF:(in the red base) hey sarge!
SARGE:what now?
GRIF:command's on the phone, they want to talk to you about some kind of upcoming delivery!
SARGE:dag, nabbit! i'm never gonna finish this mechanized robot at this rate! i'll be right there. now don't you go anywhere lopez... hee hee heh heh.
FUTURE CHURCH:ahhh, it's good to be back here. it's been a long t- ah who'm i kidding, even a thousand years doesn't make this dirthole any more appealing. oh what the hell, wh, he stuck me at red base. it must be way before tex shows up, the robot isn't even done yet. hurry up and get finished buddy, i'm gonna need that body pretty soon. (looks down) what's that... (sees two switches, one significantly larger than the other, and kicks dirt on the smaller one) you just got an upgrade pal.
SARGE:oh no, how did all this dirt get in lopez's switch? it better not short out when i use it. could take out both the leg motors.
FUTURE CHURCH:i wonder just how early i am.
PAST CHURCH:did they come out!? tucker!
TUCKER:(out by the teleporter receptacle in the gulch) what!?
PAST CHURCH:did it come out the other side!?
TUCKER:yeah, but they're all black and smoking! maybe you've got it turned up too high!
PAST CHURCH:what're you talking about, i don't see a knob or anything on this thing. hey, you think i could throw a grenade through here!?
TUCKER:what, that would never work!
TEAL SOLDIER:hey men, sorry to interrupt, would you mind huddling up fellas?
TUCKER:be right there, captain flowers.
FLOWERS:how are you adjusting to the climate here on blood gulch, private church?
PAST CHURCH:fine. little warm, but, okay.
FLOWERS:that's great. you have any problems at all, you let me know.
PAST CHURCH:umm... okay.
TUCKER:what's up sir?
FLOWERS:sir, tucker... i told you to call me captain, or cappy, er... i don't want silly things like rank to interfere with our team dynamic.
TUCKER:you got it, cappy.
FLOWERS:i think i'm commanding the finest army, in all of blood gulch.
TUCKER:isn't there only one other army, those red guys?
PAST CHURCH:yeah, you know, the enemy?
FLOWERS:i'll tell you who your enemy is, gentlemen. apathy. passivity. indifference. ...and yes, also those red guys.
PAST CHURCH:yeah i've been thinking about our orders from command... uh, cappy. and i gotta tell you, i don't think three guys is enough to stage such an elaborate offensive.
TUCKER:i think we should listen to this guy captain, he seems to know plenty about being offensive.
PAST CHURCH:can it, shitbird.
TUCKER:see?
FLOWERS:men your delightful tomfoolery puts a spring in my step, and a bounce in my britches. if i weren't your commanding officer i'd pick you both up, give you a giant bear hug and make you call me daddy.
PAST CHURCH:uhm... thank god for the chain of command?
FLOWERS:now. i know you're worried about our mission. but i can tell you this. there's nothing, more important to me, than the safety, and well-being, of my men. or my name, isn't captain. butch. flowers.
TUCKER:does that mean we all get sniper rifles?
FLOWERS:i'm gonna put in an order for yours tomorrow, private tucker. but i need to get some shut-eye first.
TUCKER:awesome. but it's like three-fifteen in the afternoon.
PAST CHURCH:you're forgetting about the time change, tucker.
TUCKER:oh yeah, it's like three-eighteen. why the hell is daylight savings time here only three minutes?
FLOWERS:good question, private tucker. it'll have to wait for another day, some of us need our beauty sleep. not everyone has your striking metrosexual good looks.
TUCKER:that's true.
FUTURE CHURCH:holy crap, captain flowers is still alive. oh man, i might be able to fix everything at once.
FLOWERS:huh, and now to go to sleep, standing up with my eyes open, as is my custom.
FUTURE CHURCH:captain flowers!
FLOWERS:god, don't sneak up on me like that, can't you see i'm sleeping?
FUTURE CHURCH:sorry sir, look, i know you probably don't remember me that well.
FLOWERS:course i remember you church, i just saw you two minutes ago.
FUTURE CHURCH:oh right. yeah, it's uh, it's been longer for me. anyway, there's no nice way to put this, but you're gonna die of a massive heart attack tonight.
FLOWERS:that doesn't sound like me. i'm a team player.
FUTURE CHURCH:and i can't tell you how i know this, but i need you to take this injection, so that you can live, and together we can beat the reds. that way a lot of really weird, and totally inexplicable stuff won't happen.
FLOWERS:i don't understand anything you just said, and i've only known you for a short time. but go ahead and inject me, private church.
FLOWERS:thank you son. feeling much bett- ...better. ...agh.
FUTURE CHURCH:what. what's the matter?
FLOWERS:that medication, it didn't have... ungh... aspirin in it, did it? i'm allergic to... aspirin.
FUTURE CHURCH:umm...
FLOWERS:(squatting) can't feel haunches... spleen failing... glutes, glutenizing... (falls over) church. before i die, i have to tell you something incredibly important. it may hold the key to our victory here.
FUTURE CHURCH:what, what is it?
FLOWERS:hurkh...
FUTURE CHURCH:aw, crap.
FLOWERS:blah.
PAST CHURCH:no tucker, you can't hold my sniper rifle until tomorrow. captain, what time did you wanna- captain? (runs over to flowers and checks for a pulse) hoooly crap, he's dead tucker. i think he might have had a heart attack in his sleep.
TUCKER:dude, that's horrible. this is a sad day. i got dibs on the armor!
FUTURE CHURCH:well that didn't work out so well. i better lay low before i do some more damage.
FUTURE CHURCH:man this sucks. it's still weeks until tex shows up, i still haven't seen any sign of that pink guy yet.
DONUT:hi!
FUTURE CHURCH:uhmm... hello.
DONUT:do you have any elbow grease?
FUTURE CHURCH:what're you talking about?
DONUT:how about headlight fluid? this is the store, right?
FUTURE CHURCH:what? look man, there's only two places in this god damn canyon.
DONUT:look i just came from red base.
FUTURE CHURCH:well, then the only other place you can go is, that way.
DONUT:okay, thanks mister!
FUTURE CHURCH:hey, wait a second. is that pink guy over at red base yet?
DONUT:pink guy? i don't know any pink guys. there's a maroon guy and an orange guy, but no pink guys. seeya later. (takes off)
FUTURE CHURCH:yeah thanks. what an idiot. ...wait a minute.
CABOOSE:my dad always said "why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?"
PAST CHURCH:hey rookie... did you just call my girlfriend a cow?
TUCKER:no, i think he called her a slut!
DONUT:oh sweet, they sell tanks!
FUTURE CHURCH:(on the hill behind donut, whispering) hey, buddy, no no no, don't go down there!
DONUT:is that the guy from the cave? how'd he get down here so fast?
PAST CHURCH:(turning around) tucker, are you laughing at me?
DONUT:excuse me, sir, can i ask you a question?
FUTURE CHURCH:oh crap.
CABOOSE:(emerging from blue base) the general stopped by, and picked up the flag! (returns inside the base)
PAST CHURCH:wait a second... what did he just say?
FUTURE CHURCH:there's sheila. sheila! (runs up to the tank and starts shooting it with his pistol) sheila, sheila, hey, wake up! wake up, hey, sheila, come on, turn on! uhh... ignition!
PAST CHURCH:okay, rookie, you stay here! i'll be back with the flag!
FUTURE CHURCH:(running around back of sheila) aw crap crap, come on, activate!
SHEILA:thank you, for activating, the m808v main battle tank. you may call me phyllis.
FUTURE CHURCH:hey, sh- wait, phyllis? why not sheila?
PHYLLIS:name overwritten. you may now call me sheila.
FUTURE CHURCH:whatever. quickly. i need you to run through all your weapons system programs.
SHEILA:affirmative. auto-lock is enabled. barrel recoil dampers, are enabled.
FUTURE CHURCH:yeah, comon comon, hurry.
SHEILA:extra ammo management is disabled. the "friendly fire" protocol is enabled.
FUTURE CHURCH:friendly fire. that's the one that kills teammates, right?
SHEILA:affirmative.
FUTURE CHURCH:alright. disable, the "friendly fire" protocol.
SHEILA:"friendly fire" protocol is now disabled. friendly forces may now be targetted by auto-lock.
FUTURE CHURCH:yes! wait! no! that doesn't sound right.
FUTURE CHURCH:i want the other thing.
SHEILA:hello, and thank you for activating the m808v main battle tank. you may call me sheila.
CABOOSE:hello. sheila. big tank lady.
SHEILA:would you like me to run the tutorial program?
FUTURE CHURCH:sheila, what're you talking about? forget what i just said.
SHEILA:this tutorial program, is intended to instruct non-certified personnel. let's begin with some driving. (drives off)
FUTURE CHURCH:(left behind) wait! oh my god, no!
SHEILA:(driving) i was built by an american automotive company, and i was assembled in mexico.
FUTURE CHURCH:(chasing after on foot) no no no no no no no no no no n-
PAST CHURCH:(standing on the cliff in episode 8) hey tucker, look at this, man: it's the rookie! and he brought tank out to scare off the reds. why didn't you tell us you knew how to drive the tank?
SHEILA:new target acquired. (spinning turret around at church)
CABOOSE:that's not a target. that's church.
SHEILA:target locked.
CABOOSE:what?
PAST CHURCH:what? oh, son of a bi-
FUTURE CHURCH:(looking on from behind foliage) oh no! i'm the teamkilling fucktard!
TUCKER:you shot church, you team-killing fucktard!
SHEILA:(spinning turret around) new target acquired. (drives off)
TUCKER:(running along the cliff) caboose, wait!
FUTURE CHURCH:(arriving next to his own dead body) ah, here we go. (picks up his own dead body's sniper rifle) now at least i can pick off that pink guy without getting too close to anybody.
CABOOSE:i can't figure out how to get this thing open!
SHEILA:night vision engaged.
TUCKER:rookie, get out now.
CABOOSE:okay, open the duh, okay, i, sheila, will you please open the door?
SHEILA:driver canopy open. (caboose gets out and runs off the tank) thank you for using the m808v main battle ta-
CABOOSE:oh crap, oh crap, oh crap running, running, running.
PAST CHURCH:what happened? i can see my body. i see two of my bodies. am i dead?
FUTURE CHURCH:uhh... uh-oh, um, let's just put it this way: you were killed because someone very close to you is an idiot.
PAST CHURCH:so i am dead? aw, that blows man! wait... i see a light. should i go in to it?
FUTURE CHURCH:what light? i don't see a light, you must be shaken up from the explosion. you should probably rest.
PAST CHURCH:farewell my body. i shake loose these earthy bonds, for a better existence...
FUTURE CHURCH:man... first i kill myself, then i realise i'm a honkin' dork. not a very good day to be me.
TUCKER:one second caboose, i wanna get church's sniper rifle.
FUTURE CHURCH:uh oh. (hides)
TUCKER:aw crap, it's gone. man i'm so fucking unlucky. come on caboose, let's go call command.
CABOOSE:um... shouldn't we bury church?
TUCKER:fuck that, has he ever buried us?
GRIF:so, sarge thought my strategy had merit, but was poorly executed, probably because somebody didn't believe in it.
DONUT:hey since i captured the flag, d'you think they'll give me my own color armor now?
SIMMONS:what do you mean 'captured'? you thought you were buying it at the store, you idiot.
DONUT:still, you think there's a shot?
SIMMONS:maybe they'll give you grif's armor, since he destroyed the warthog.
GRIF:hyeah, heh-wait... you don't... you don't think they'd do that, do you?
MANLY TEX:red base. kill everybody. get the flag back.
CABOOSE:uh... okay! we'll just stay here and guard the trans... porter...
GIRLY TEX:yeah. you do that. wimps.
FUTURE CHURCH:man, i've really gotta find that pink guy. where the hell is he?
DONUT:the best thing about the military is all the cool stuff i'm seeing for the first time.
GRIF:yeah that's great.
FUTURE CHURCH:what the, what was that?
DONUT:yeah, there wasn't a lot to do back on the old farm. just sit back, think about things, and then repress those thoughts immediately...
SIMMONS:doesn't this guy ever shut up?
GRIF:hyeah, i'm wondering the same thing.
GRIF:what the fuck?
DONUT:(with the grenade magically attached to his head) what?
GRIF AND  SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
GRIF:simmons, help me fight, i'm too good looking to die.
FUTURE CHURCH:where'd he go?
GRIF:eek! i'm gonna faint!
FUTURE CHURCH:aw, shit! tex! don't go in there! (drops the sniper rifle and charges after them) awgh, i gotta do somethin'.
GRIF:ah-ha! i knew it! only a chick could give me a headache this big!
SARGE:simmons, grif. you watch the prisoner. lopez and i will go topside and watch for a secondary attack. simmons, if she attacks you, whistle twice and we'll know to come down and help. if she attacks grif, just mild applause will do fine.
SIMMONS:yes sir!
GRIF:not so tough now that we unloaded your weapon, are ya...
TEX:hey punk, i don't need a weapon to kill you.
GRIF:yeah, right. what're you gonna do, punch me?
GRIF:aaah, not the face!
SARGE:(from the top of the base) grif, get yer keester up here. we got more of them special ops fellas headed toward the base.
GRIF:coming sir.
SIMMONS:did you hear that?
GRIF:i don't see any... (sees caboose running across the gulch) uh uh, yep, there's one. (caboose stops next to a rock and stares at it) why is he just standing there?
TUCKER:caboose, get behind the rock. they can still see you.
CABOOSE:they can't see me. i can't see them!
TUCKER:that's because you're facing the rock.
CABOOSE:(looks at the base) oh. right. (ducks behind the rock, finds the sniper rifle church left there) look! a telemascope!
PAST CHURCH:yeah well, i don't know. you're starting to act kinda suspicious there, ...other red guy. so i'm keeping my eye on you.
SIMMONS:(turning around to face tex) sarge, i'm starting to think that-
SIMMONS:ow, geez, the back of my head!
TEX:what the hell are you doing!?
PAST CHURCH:tex! it's me, church! i've come to rescue you.
TEX:okay.
FUTURE CHURCH:(stepping in to the middle of the base) oh right, that red guy was me when i came to rescue tex. and then we walked outside an- oh no.
SIMMONS:(waking up and standing up) what happened? oh man, the back of my head is killing me!
FUTURE CHURCH:yeah, that's great. (punches simmons in the face)
SIMMONS:ow, geez, the front of my face!
FUTURE CHURCH:you gotta be kidding me!
CABOOSE:tucker did it!
SHEILA:target locked. (fires)
DONUT:hey, what're you guys doin' up here!?
FUTURE CHURCH:(reloading the sniper rifle) oh my god, how did i miss?
GRIF:that chick in the black armor's back!
DONUT:(as church continues missing him horribly) what chick, the one that stuck the grenade to my head?
FUTURE CHURCH:god dammit!
SIMMONS:that's the one.
DONUT:ohhuw. oh i been waiting for this. (runs up to the edge of the base and yells) hey bitch! remember me!? i saved something for ya!
FUTURE CHURCH:(firing at the grenade four times and missing each time) fuck, this, horse, shit!!!!
TUCKER:man, that girl's got a really good arm.
TEX:aw crap!
DONUT:hell yeah! three points, you dirty whore! (dirty whore echoes at least twice in the gulch before the tank finally explodes)
FUTURE CHURCH:(speaking over donut) alright that's it, i quit. i'm going to live in a cave.
PAST CHURCH:dios mo, no!
CABOOSE:that looks like church.
CABOOSE:come in, church. is that you, church?
O'MALLEY:(caboose-style evil laugh)
PAST CHURCH:um... maybe somebody should say something.
TUCKER:okay, go ahead.
PAST CHURCH:not me, jackass. i'm not gonna eulogize myself.
TUCKER:what? why not, i eulogize myself all the time. wait... i think i don't know what the word eulogize means.
CABOOSE:wait, i know how to do this- dearly beloved
PAST CHURCH:no, shut him up, seriously. shut him up.
CABOOSE:we are gathered here, today, to witness, the joining together of tex, and church, in eternalness together, smuh- speak now! or forever, rest in peace! with liberty, and justice, for all. the end.
TUCKER:man this funeral is laaaame. if you need me i'll be over by my rock.
PAST CHURCH:hey tucker, can i have a piggy-back ride back to base?
TUCKER:no, nonono, i fell for that shit last time, i'm not doing that. that metal suit is like eight thousand pounds.
PAST CHURCH:come on, one more piggy-back ride's not gonna kill ya. i'm in mourning here.
PAST CHURCH:i've been through so much. at least help me paint my body blue.
FUTURE CHURCH:okay. i may not have been able to save myself or tex, but i still have time to save everybody else if i can just keep the a.i. from getting in to doc, prevent lopez and sheila from forming their robot army, and somehow figure out a way to stop the war between the reds and the blues all together. huh. what if i... yeah i'm gonna need some help on this one.
PAST CHURCH:hurhoor... oh! hey!
TUCKER:found it?
PAST CHURCH:nah, no wait. all i found was the time and temperature function. it is currently twenty-six degrees, by the way.
TUCKER:what? it's not twenty-six degrees out here, that's freezing.
FUTURE CHURCH:where the hell is that contact info for blue command. we really need to standardize the way we handle our information.
TUCKER:naw dude, it's more like a ...switch.
PAST CHURCH:well, give it a flip.
TUCKER:i don't wanna flip it.
FUTURE CHURCH:okay, here we go.
FUTURE CHURCH:come in blue command, do you read me.
VIC:(through static) hello, hello, come in, do you read me, do i read you, hello, can you read me, what's goin' on, it's a secure channel here, come on.
FUTURE CHURCH:uh yeah, this is, uh, flowers, this is captain butch flowers.
VIC:heyyy, captain flowers, how're you doing dude? hey i heard you died. or you got promoted, wait a minute which one was it.
FUTURE CHURCH:uhm... promoted.
VIC:alright, great dude, how's that workin' out for you?
FUTURE CHURCH:good. listen up vic, i'm actually uh... whaddaya call it, um intelligence now, military intelligence, yeah. and i uh, i need help on a very top secret project, uh, that's very secret. and very top.
VIC:i'm all yours, dude. me vic dude es tu vic dude. in a ditideepti and all that.
FUTURE CHURCH:here's what i need you to do. i need you to contact the red army, and have them send medical officer dufresne, as far away from here as possible.
VIC:red army, no no dude, last transmission i received that medic was at blue base. got it right here in my log. no pun intended. not sure what that means.
FUTURE CHURCH:look it doesn't matter where he is, i just need him outta here. they're both the same to me.
VIC:hello dude, you're telling me that red and blue are the same now in blood gulch.
FUTURE CHURCH:right, exactly, the sides don't matter.
VIC:heh, so red and blue are the same. okay dude, well this changes everything.
FUTURE CHURCH:what?
VIC:well i mean from starters we're gonna have to figure how to divide up the money from the office pool.
FUTURE CHURCH:okay okay yeah, whatever, just remember. this is top secret, so you can't let anybody know that i gave you these instructions, okay? or that we even spoke, don't even tell them that we talked together. you got it?
VIC:i will proceed accordingly dude, mum is the word. actually bird is the word but the bird says mum. so we're gonna go with that. over and out dude. (transmission ends)
FUTURE CHURCH:well that should take care of at least one problem.
VIC:so... red and blue are the same. well i gotta make some phone calls.
SIMMONS:what the hell are you guys doing?
TUCKER:aw crap, the reds are here.
PAST CHURCH:what? caboose, why didn't you say anything?
FUTURE CHURCH:(inside the base) oh what the hell? vic just had 'em bring doc back over here? that guy's a fricking moron. now i'm back to square one!
GHOST CHURCH:guys, i keep telling you, if we have lopez remove any of sheila's pedals, she's not gonna function properly.
TUCKER:maybe we could just get lopez to give caboose more feet.
CABOOSE:oh! i like that idea! i have always wanted to be taller.
FUTURE CHURCH:hey there lopez, sheila, you're both looking... uh very shiny, today, uh, rust-free, and, anyway, uh-huhm. the reason i'm up here to talk to you guys is, i know we've had our differences in the past, you know with uh, the nut turning and the um possessing and stuff like that, ah but i'm hoping we could put that behind us 'cause i wanna talk to you about maybe some crazy ideas you might be havin up here? like i dunno, say uh, starting your own robot army? and you know it's, it's something you should think about pretty seriously if you're thinking about doing it, um because it's hard to run an army, and you might not be aware that, it's a lotta, it's a lot of logistics, a lot of rhetoric, um, you know it's uh, you gotta have chain of command, and that stuff you know, it's it's uh when you have ranks it, it puts friends against each other, that's not always a good thing. 'cause it might seem like it's easy with only three people, even when those people are just robots- i don't mean, i don't mean just robots, i mean, three, you have, you you have three you have three people, that are, mechanized people, mechanized, americans um, and then, you know, it's uh, it's uh, anyway you shouldn't do it. bye. (runs off)
LOPEZ:no confo en ese mamn. se parece muy sospechoso.
CAPTION: i don't trust that guy. he seems shifty.
SHEILA:me neither, but i have to admit, i liked his robot army idea.
LOPEZ:yo tambin. debemos hacer eso.
CAPTION: me too. we should do that.
LOPEZ:podra construir un machina que vuela para un hombre con los lanzadores del cohete de las pieza adicionales.
CAPTION: i could build a one man flying vehicle with rocket launchers using the extra parts we have.
SHEILA:great idea. let's hide it in the cave, so they won't find it.
LOPEZ:s nm.
CAPTION: agreed.
FUTURE CHURCH:well that felt good, i think we really connected. now, what'm i gonna do about those teleporters...
DONUT:because that's the day i wash my underwear, and since i don't like to let my armor touch my bare skin, on the account of i chafe really easily, i remember thinking, where can i hang out with no pants on?
GRIF:oh god!
FUTURE CHURCH:(messing with the red teleporter) jesus, what's that guy babblin' about down there, i thought tucker was annoying. okay, concentrate, just one more adjustment to make on this teleporter and then we're done. oh hey look, here comes sheila and lopez. oh they, sure are coming fast... hey they don't even seem to be stopping'. uh oh.
TUCKER:curses!
LOPEZ:(in flight) ayayay... frejoles.
FUTURE CHURCH:yow!
FUTURE CHURCH:oh... what the hell happened? where am i? when am i?
TUCKER:uh, church, it kinda looks more like a triangle from down here.
GHOST CHURCH:what?
TUCKER:i'm just saying it doesn't look much like a circle, it looks more like we're forming a triangle, just a side-note.
GHOST CHURCH:okay fine, triangle of confusion, rhombus of terror, parabola of mystery, who cares!? get the god damn show on the road!
TUCKER:alright, alright, sorry.
FUTURE CHURCH:oh no. the parabola of mystery! that means any second now tucker's gonna get shot by o'malley and then all hell's gonna break loose. unless...
SARGE:simmons, grif... we're out of luck. get ready to open fire. today is a good day to die!
GRIF:wait! i think today is actually a good day to retreat. can't we push dying to a week from friday?
SIMMONS:yeah, let's all take dying as an open action item, and come back with suggestions next meeting.
SARGE:no! it has to be today. for our ancestors. yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! (charges up the hill)
TUCKER:wait everyone, stop fighting!
SARGE:yeah, come on!
TUCKER:it's all a lie!
SARGE:let's go! haha
TUCKER:red is blue! blue is red!
SARGE:yeah, kablammo!
TUCKER:we're all the same!
SARGE:yeeekakakakakakakakakaka!
FUTURE CHURCH:god i can't believe the reds have this kind of hardware lying around and they're not even using it. (picks it up)
GHOST CHURCH:(in background) tucker, you radio's giving too much feedback, shut it off!
FUTURE CHURCH:(homing in on o'malley in the scooter) ah, there he is. mine now buddy.
TUCKER:it's all the- waaaaaa son of a bitch!
FUTURE CHURCH:what the hell!? the targetting system on this thing doesn't work at all! oh, so maybe that's why the reds don't use it. that makes sense now.
DONUT:oh my god. it's the cave devil. run for your lives!
FUTURE CHURCH:unh, maybe i'll just sit this one out. i'm pretty sure i know how it ends.
SHEILA:good luck everyone, take care. i packed you all lunches for the trip.
TUCKER:thanks sheila, that was really nice of you.
DONUT:not really. all my bag had was an air filter and a thermos full of brake fluid.
SHEILA:make sure to wash your exhaust pipes every day.
TUCKER:bye sheila, we'll come back for you soon.
SHEILA:i'll be waiting.
SHEILA:church! i thought you left with grif. back already?
FUTURE CHURCH:i hate to tell you this sheila, but none of us are comin' back. is there any way i can take you with me? maybe transfer your program in to a disk or something like that?
SHEILA:no sorry, but i'm hardwired in to this equipment. that's what happens when you're built by the lowest bidder.
FUTURE CHURCH:yeah, tell me about it. there's just one more thing you can do for me before i say goodbye. it's the last thing i can do to hopefully set all this stuff right.
SHEILA:what is it?
FUTURE CHURCH:okay, here's what i need you to do. (whispers) i need you to get out there, and i need you to wait off a real fricking wait,
SHEILA:alright.
FUTURE CHURCH:and give it a thousand years or something like that, and then send a call.
SHEILA:you got it.
FUTURE CHURCH:thanks sheila. and uh, sorry that i blamed you for killing me all this time.
SHEILA:that's okay, i'm sorry i enjoyed blowing you up so much.
FUTURE CHURCH:yeah i'm not sure it was necessary to tell me that. anyway, i guess this is goodbye sheila.
SHEILA:maybe i should shut down now, and save a little power.
WYOMING:ah yes, dear tex. after i take care of your little friend tucker, i'll be taking care of her as well.
PAST CHURCH:when i get outta here-
WYOMING:but you won't! everyone here is dead now, noone even knows where you are. so i suppose now you'll just have to starve to death. hu huh, cheerio! (runs off)
FUTURE CHURCH:man, there is no way grif can disarm that bomb. i better let him out of there and then go find tex. she can shut it off.
GRIF:you should try showering in cell block c. those guys are animals.
PAST CHURCH:alright, here goes.
GRIF:you opened the doors, that wasn't scary at all.
PAST CHURCH:what, i didn't do that, somebody on the outside must have done it. alright, let's go.
GRIF:freedom! it smells so sweet! let's go rob a liquor store on the way home.
FUTURE CHURCH:alright, now to find tex.
WYOMING:sorry about this alison, just following omega's orders.
O'MALLEY:wyoming, i need you to get in position. don't forget that vic fellow is giving us a bonus if we kill tucker. would really help fuel the whole "conspiracy theory" he's made up.
WYOMING:right-o mate.
DOC:as the one person here who really does work for red and blue, i think what we're doing is despicable! o'malley, can't you look in your heart and see that maybe if we do this right, that red and blue could work together? maybe we could end this crazy war. wouldn't that be great? come on guys, let's live the dream!
O'MALLEY:i like the way wars end now. when one side's completely dead, and the other side wasting away in nucular winter.
DOC:it's pronounced 'nuclear.'
O'MALLEY:oh shut up. crying at the folley of their own hubrus!
DOC:wars also end in treaties.
O'MALLEY:aouwh, shut up already.
FUTURE CHURCH:come in, tex. i need you to meet me in the middle of the canyon, right now. this is church. uh... i have money. oh man, where is she?
FUTURER CHURCH:psst! hey, hey buddy! hey!
FUTURE CHURCH:huh? who're you?
FUTURER CHURCH:huh? oh, i'm you. i'm just a different version of you. yeah see, i keep trying to fix the bomb, just like you're doing, except i don't do it right, and i get blasted back in time. then i come back, and try to fix everything all over again. i just wanna let you know, when you get back, meet us at the top of the ramp.
FUTURE CHURCH:us, who's us? back from where, what's goin' on?
PAST CHURCH:man this blows, you guys suck.
TUCKER:what the hell!?
WYOMING:sorry private tucker, but i always get my man. say goodbye mate.
SIMMONS:uh guys, i hate to interrupt but, zero seconds.
TUCKER:uh oh.
PAST CHURCH:what? oh, son of a-
GARY: see you in a few hundred years.
FUTURE CHURCH:computer, you've got to send me back!
GARY: to blood gulch? you just left.
FUTURE CHURCH:no no no not to blood gulch, to sidewinder! man i totally screwed everything up!
GARY: how?
FUTURE CHURCH:well, i didn't keep the bomb from going off, so i just got blasted back here.
FUTURE CHURCH 2:yeah, me too.
FUTURE CHURCH:what the-
FUTURE CHURCH 2:let me just put it this way pal.
FUTURE CHURCH 2:your next plan? goes about as well as the first one does.
GARY: uh oh.
FUTURE CHURCH:(running up the ramp) what the hell is all of this?
FUTURE CHURCH 2:oh, here he is. late again.
FUTURE CHURCH:who are you guys?
FUTURE CHURCH 2:we're you, dumbass! we just keep screwing up and getting blown back to the computer terminal. then we teleport here to try again.
FUTURE CHURCH 4:i know that man, you told me last time.
FUTURE CHURCH 2:i'm not talking to you, i'm talking to the new you!
FUTURE CHURCH 4:oh, right, sorry about that i'm still gettin' used to all this.
FUTURE CHURCH 9:dumbass.
FUTURE CHURCH 4:hey, shut up.
FUTURE CHURCH:how did all you guys screw up?
FUTURE CHURCH 2:well, when tucker points the rocket launcher at us, i tried to explain the situation to everybody, and oddly, caboose was really the only person who understood it right away. anyway, by the time i finished answering questions the bomb went off and i got sent back in time.
FUTURE CHURCH 3:right, then i teleported back to sidewinder, and thought, if i could shoot wyoming, before he shoots tucker, then i can fix everything. but i shot wyoming, then tucker shot me with the rocket launcher, the bomb went off anyway, and i got sent back in time.
FUTURE CHURCH 4:and then i teleported back, and just decided to kill everybody that i could see.
FUTURE CHURCH:why did you do that?
FUTURE CHURCH 4:i dunno, seemed like fun. i think i went a little nuts there for a while.
FUTURE CHURCH:well, what did you do?
YELLOW CHURCH:dude, don't ask. trust me, it, it didn't work.
FUTURE CHURCH 72:so now we all come back here beforehand to discuss what we did, and see if we can collectively come up with a better plan beforehand.
FUTURE CHURCH 4:you said beforehand twice.
FUTURE CHURCH:oh. well in that case, what i was thinking about doing was-
FUTURE CHURCHES:that won't work.
FUTURE CHURCH:hey i got it, who's the last church?
FUTURE CHURCH 4:huh?
FUTURE CHURCH:which one of you, is the latest version of me?
FUTURE CHURCH N:um, i guess that would be me. i've already tried all the stuff that all these other guys have done, even him, so, i guess that makes me the latest version.
FUTURE CHURCH:well that must mean you're the one that gets it right then.
FUTURE CHURCH N:what do you mean?
FUTURE CHURCH:well, if you're the last church, you must be the one that fixes everything. otherwise, there'd be a thousand other churches here, still trying to get it right.
FUTURE CHURCH N:i see.
FUTURE CHURCH:wait, why am i explaining this to you? if you're the latest church, then you've been me, explaining this to you already.
FUTURE CHURCH N:uh yeah, i know, i just didn't wanna steal my own thunder. i thought it was a pretty good idea.
FUTURE CHURCHES:thanks!
FUTURE CHURCH 872:thanks.
FUTURE CHURCH N:okay, well i'm gonna go do whatever it is that fixes all this, wish me luck guys.
FUTURE CHURCH:what're you gonna do?
FUTURE CHURCH N:you know what? i'm just gonna go free tex, and wing it. 'cause every time i've made a plan, it's fallen apart. i figure, why not just improvise.
FUTURE CHURCH 2:so what did you do?
YELLOW CHURCH:oh man, seemed like such a good idea at the time.
TEX:church! o'malley and wyoming tied me up. get me outta here!
FUTURE CHURCH N-17:you got it. wait a second, would this be a good thing, or a bad thing?
TEX:how is setting me free a bad thing?
FUTURE CHURCH N-17:i'm not sure. if i set you free, will you promise not to get close to me?
TEX:i'm already close to you.
FUTURE CHURCH N-17:no no not me me, the other me me, the one with the bomb.
TEX:what?
FUTURE CHURCH N:oh right, i forgot, i already set tex free one of the other times. oh sweet, then that means i'm the guy that interrupts me, and then confuses tex.
TEX:i'm totally confused.
FUTURE CHURCH N:oh don't worry tex, i'm just supposed to tell him that it's okay to set tex free.
FUTURE CHURCH N-17:it is?
FUTURE CHURCH N:well, that's what i said to me when i was you, and it seemed to work out okay.
TEX:seriously, this is really confusing.
FUTURE CHURCH N-17:okay, you're free tex. now to execute the second part of my plan. i'm gonna possess lopez, and then use his lightning machine to defuse the bomb. seeya! (runs off)
FUTURE CHURCH N:good luck! (to tex) yeah, that's totally not gonna work. tex, i recommend you get down there, and try to defuse the bomb that's in church's stomach. i think you're about the only one here that can do it. and tex? the one thing i didn't realize before was this. maybe i'm the last church not because i fix everything, but because i died and there's no way i can come back. and if that happens, i just wanna let you know that i'm sorry. i'm sorry i got you mixed up in all this stupid stuff. i'm sorry i wasn't a better guy than i should've been. i'm sorry for... fwell, for a lot of stuff. ...but, if we do survive this, then it's totally because of me, and you should build a fucking statue in my honor.
FUTURE CHURCH N:i'm serious! somethin' cool. like me on a horse! no no no wait, a motorcycle!
TUCKER:what the hell!?
WYOMING:sorry private tucker but i always get my man. say goodbye mate.
SIMMONS:uh guys? i hate to interrupt, but, zero seconds.
TUCKER:uh oh.
CABOOSE:church!
FUTURE CHURCH N:what can i tell you dipshit. for better or for worse, i'm back.
SARGE:we're all gonna die, starting with grif! everyone, get ready to kiss yer ass goodbye! simmons, you can have the honor of kissing mine.
CHURCH:hey everybody, what's up?
CABOOSE:i am so happy that you made it in time to die with me. we will get to be smithereens together!
CHURCH:that won't be necessary, caboose. hey gary how ya doin'?
GARY: not bad. although my static ion sub-matrix is a little itchy.
SIMMONS:the computer can talk?
GRIF:the computer's name is gary?
GARY: how have you been, church?
CHURCH:good, thanks for asking. listen, would you do me a favor? could you shut off the bomb please.
GARY: no problem.
SARGE:gahr, you mean to tell me you could have turned off the bomb this whole time, and you didn't say so? and don't say i didn't-
GARY: you didn't ask.
SARGE:ehr, ferkin derglers.
CHURCH:man, it is really great to see you guys.
TUCKER:you seem like you're in a good mood.
CHURCH:i learned a very valuable lesson in my travels, tucker. no matter how bad things might seem-
CABOOSE:they could be worse.
CHURCH:nope, no matter how bad they seem, they can't be any better, and they can't be any worse, because that's the way things fucking are, and you better get used to it nancy. quit yer bitching.
CABOOSE:where have you been?
CHURCH:you want the long version or the short version?
CABOOSE:i will take the easy version please.
TUCKER:oh i wanna hear the long version. but can you tell me in three parts?
CHURCH:you got this thing where?
TUCKER:right up there.
CABOOSE:so... you went back in time, and didn't change... anything.
CHURCH:uh yeah, i was just like a, passive observer.
CABOOSE:i would have tried to save your life. ...for me!
CHURCH:yeah i didn't think of that. hey, tucker i don't think it's a good idea that you're keeping that thing.
TUCKER:you're just pissed because you don't have one.
CHURCH:no, you must have me confused with tex. she's been staring at you non-stop since you found that thing.
TEX:...that's not true.
CHURCH:you haven't taken your eyes off it.
TEX:yes i have.
CHURCH:then why haven't you looked at me the entire time i've been talkin'?
TEX:i'm looking at you right now. (still looking at the sword)
CHURCH:nu-hoh you're not!
TEX:i've already seen you. not too impressed.
CABOOSE:i would have tried to save tex, too...
CHURCH:well i didn't caboose, i didn't try to save me, i didn't try to save tex, and i sure as hell didn't make millions of copies of myself trying to keep the bomb from goin' off.
CABOOSE:oh. because that was my next suggestion.
CHURCH:leave me alone, caboose. i didn't wanna mess with the timeline.
CABOOSE:time, line? time isn't made out of lines. it is made out of circles. that is why clocks are round.
TEX:man, that thing is really shiny.
TUCKER:yep.
CHURCH:tucker man, i still think- computer told me that thing is a very important relic, for some ancient culture. i wouldn't go swinging it around like that.
TUCKER:yeah? well i think it's just a kickass piece of bling. and who're you gonna believe, me, or some super-smart stupid talking computer?
SARGE:men, thanks for meeting on short notice. and so covertly.
GRIF:no problem. i had to move my lunch with the pope, but uh, he was cool with it. he owes me. i helped him pick the hat.
SIMMONS:shut up.
SARGE:i don't want the blues finding out about this meeting, so i want us all to agree here and now we're gonna keep this between ourselves.
GRIF:sir i don't know if you've noticed, but we're not exactly buddy-buddy with those guys anyway.
SIMMONS:eh, i'm not really in the market for new friends. i'm not sure that i'm happy with the current crop.
GRIF:no offense sarge.
SARGE:grif, tell us what you discovered on the radio.
GRIF:me!?
SIMMONS:um, actually i'm the one who heard the distress signal.
SARGE:uh huh, see i thought-
GRIF:yeah, i can't use the radio.
SIMMONS:yeah, i discovered the distress signal. that was me.
SARGE:i don't know how i got that mixed up.
SIMMONS:it's okay sir, as long as everyone's clear, who heard it first.
SARGE:sorry about that simmons.
GRIF:why do you care?
SIMMONS:no really sir, it's no problem. i think it's important to get proper credit when some of us are working hard discovering distress signals on the warthog's radio, while others are hanging out in the back seat, monkeying about!
GRIF:okay, first off, monkeying about? and secondly, i don't think listening to the radio classifies as working. and thirdly, monkeying about? come on, dude.
SIMMONS:it's a real phrase.
GRIF:bullshit, that's what you said about horse-doodling.
SIMMONS:people say it all the time.
GRIF:what people.
SIMMONS:oh lots of people, all the time. but nobody you would know.
SARGE:no need to get upset fellas, i think we're all clear now. simmons is the one who heard the distress signal, and grif was the one monkeying around.
SIMMONS:about.
SARGE:say who now?
SIMMONS:monkeying, about.
GRIF:yeah, people say it all the time sir, you'll wanna get it right. otherwise you'll sound like a jackass.
SARGE:can we please get back to the purpose of this meeting!?
GRIF:yeah, what is the purpose exactly?
SARGE:i wanted simmons to tell us he heard a distress signal on the radio. okay, go ahead simmons.
SIMMONS:... uhm, i heard a disress signal, while listening to the radio.
GRIF:i know, i was in the car with you when you heard it. in fact, why are we even having this meeting? everyone here already knows you heard a distress signal on the radio.
SARGE:i just wanna make sure everyone is on the same page.
GRIF:same page? there's only one page! you know what the page says? simmons heard a god damn distress call on the radio, the end.
SIMMONS:oh look, down there at the bottom it also says p.s. grif was monkeying about.
GRIF:well i can see why we don't have lots of meetings, the only person who doesn't know is donut, and he's not even here!
SARGE:that's because i asked donut to distract the blues so we could have this secret meeting.
DONUT:and that's the story of how i saved christmas!
CABOOSE:i did not even know the north pole was in san francisco. this changes everything.
TUCKER:yeah, and i don't think santa's suit is a leather biker's outfit.
CHURCH:hey wait a second, why are we letting this pink guy distract us?
DONUT:i'm not distracting you.
CHURCH:yeah you are, while we're sitting here jabbering the reds are over there monkeying about!
DONUT:yes!
TEX:see? they're down there, messing with the radio.
CHURCH:oh, so that's what they're doin'.
TEX:yeah. they must be plotting something.
CHURCH:or, maybe they're just listening to the radio.
TEX:i know plotting when i see it. that's plotting.
TUCKER:maybe they're scheming.
TEX:no scheming looks different. that's definitely plotting. they're gonna try something.
TUCKER:why? i already told them red and blue are the same, it's all a conspiracy.
CHURCH:and i told you that's not true. vic just made it up to confuse us.
TUCKER:that just means he's part of the conspiracy.
CHURCH:but he's the one that told you red and blue are the same.
TUCKER:exactly.
CHURCH:wait are, are you talking about a conspiracy that red and blue are the same, or a conspiracy that red and blue are different?
TUCKER:exactly.
CHURCH:you just keep saying exactly, do you have a theory or don't you?
TEX:look, i don't care about red, or blue. all i know, is that those guys are up to something down there.
TUCKER:maybe they're planning to use the radio to beam secret messages to the fillings in my teeth.
CHURCH:secret messages about what!?
TUCKER:exactly.
CABOOSE:they are probably trying to tune in to the distress signal they heard on the radio.
CHURCH:what makes you say that?
CABOOSE:oh, i know all the details. they were in their car, the boss hogg, when simmin, heard a distress signal, on, the radio, and gruff was in the back seat. with a monkey.
TUCKER:hmm, i'm gonna go out on a limb here and assume that some of that is wrong.
CHURCH:how do you know all this caboose?
CABOOSE:andy told me.
CHURCH:andy, who's andy? are you, are you andy?
TUCKER:i'm not andy, i'm tucker.
CHURCH:not, i know, what's your first name?
TUCKER:lavernius.
CHURCH:lavernius, well then who's this andy g- wait a second... are you black?
TUCKER:me?
CHURCH:yeah.
TUCKER:does it matter?
CHURCH:no. i'm just curious.
TUCKER:well if it doesn't matter then why are you curious?
CHURCH:i don't know, i guess that's just something i should have picked up on after all this time.
TUCKER:you know what else you should have picked up on? my fucking first name!
DISTRESS SIGNAL:distress, distress, help, we don't need any more distress, distress, whoah man, it's a lot of distress.
SIMMONS:that's all it says, it doesn't even say where or who.
SARGE:we know who it is, it's on the red army open channel! that means the reds have survived in to the future. doncha see what this means?
GRIF:hughhhhhhh, that we have absolutely no hope of ever getting out of this army.
SARGE:no, it means we must have beaten the blues! otherwise there wouldn't be any reds left. finally, victory is ours! wait a minute, this means i missed the entire war, aw dammit!
GRIF:yeah, everything must be great. that's why they sent out a distress signal.
DONUT:maybe it's not a distress signal. maybe it's a distress signal. maybe it's an open invitation to some formal ball!
GRIF:oh-kay, let's go with sarge's version.
SARGE:simmons, have you tracked the source?
SIMMONS:well sir, all i can tell is the direction, i have no idea how far it is.
SARGE:why not? i thought you were our unofficial science officer.
SIMMONS:that just means i'm smart. if you want me to multiply two big numbers in my head, that i can do. but i can't measure radio signals with no equipment!
GRIF:what's thirty-two times, fifty-six?
SIMMONS:thirty-one thousand, four hundred fifty-two.
SARGE:is that right?
SIMMONS:yes.
SARGE:that's pretty impressive.
SIMMONS:eh, you know, it's a gift.
CABOOSE:this, is andy. andy this is tex, and tucker. uh, the black one is tex, and the other black one is tucker.
TUCKER:andy's the bomb?
CABOOSE:uhhh, andy prefers the term "explosive american."
TUCKER:are you making fun of me?
CABOOSE:he told me all about what the reds are up to. didn't you andy...
ANDY:...
CABOOSE:yes. -and then we talked about, all our adventures, did you know that he used to know sheila? isn't that right andy?
ANDY:...
TUCKER:ehm, caboose, are you hearing the bomb talk right now?
CABOOSE:say something andy. you are embarassing me in front of my friends.
TEX:caboose, i think you're losing it.
TUCKER:also i wouldn't really call us 'friends,' we're more like acquaintances or, people who work with other people they hate.
CHURCH:gary, i need you to tell me some more about the alien race that needs tucker's sword.
GARY: i do not know anything about them.
CHURCH:you don't know anything about the aliens that programmed you?
GARY: correct. instead they filled all my memory banks with information about the great destroyer and his race.
CHURCH:you mean humans.
GARY: that is not what they call you. but correct.
CHURCH:why, what do they call us?
GARY: ...shisno.
CHURCH:that's an insult, isn't it.
GARY: perhaps this can best be explained in the form of a knock knock joke.
CHURCH:(sigh)
GARY: knock knock.
CHURCH:who's there.
GARY: you are
CHURCH:you are who.
GARY: you are a dirty dirty shisno. ha ha ha.
CHURCH:alright, what does it mean?
GARY: what is the most foul-smelling animal on your planet?
CHURCH:uhm, a skunk. wait so shisno means skunk?
GARY: not exactly. does a skunk defecate?
CHURCH:yes...
GARY: and does the skunk's defecation in turn produce its own excrement?
CHURCH:ew, no!
GARY: then there is no equivalent for shisno in your language.
CHURCH:gross.
GARY: like you would not believe.
CHURCH:hey, does that bomb, ever talk to you?
GARY: the bomb? no. never.
CHURCH:yeah, i didn't think so.
GARY: andy and i are not on speaking terms right now.
CHURCH:heh heh yeah. wait, andy?
GARY: correct. he is kind of a jerk.
ANDY:i'm not the jerk, you're the jerk, jerk!
GARY: that was very rude.
ANDY:ah, shut up ya shisno!
TUCKER:you're trying to tell us that this bomb can talk.
CABOOSE:i'm not telling you that, he's telling you that.
ANDY:yeah, and i'm standing right here. you can talk to me.
TUCKER:if you could talk this whole time, then why didn't you just... wait, why'm i talking to a bomb? i'm not doing this.
ANDY:what, am i not good enough to talk to? who do you think you are, some kind of "too good to talk to a bomb" type?
CHURCH:maybe it's a good idea not to piss off the explosive device.
TEX:i agree.
CHURCH:i wasn't talking about you tex.
TEX:hey, why don't you suck my -
TUCKER:did gary say anything about the bomb being able to talk?
CHURCH:uh, just that this whole place is going to be destroyed by us, and that andy here is probably the thing that does it.
TUCKER:oh. that's not good.
ANDY:i don't think so. bunch of shisnos if ya ask me. and noone did ask me which i find insulting!
CHURCH:alright, alright calm down andy, calm down.
ANDY:don't tell me to calm down, i am calm!
CHURCH:caboose, calm this thing down before it has a meltdown.
ANDY:(under church) look at me! i'm calm!
CABOOSE:andy, everyone here is your friend. and noone wants to hurt you.
ANDY:yeah right.
CABOOSE:come on andy, think of a happy place. now what makes you happy?
ANDY:being in the middle of a huge explosion!
CHURCH:less happy place caboose, less happy place.
CABOOSE:ah u... think calming thoughts, uh... let's count backwards from ten! ten, nine, eight-
TEX AND  TUCKER:no!
CHURCH:(at the same time) duck!
SIMMONS:okay. i'm ninety-five percent certain that the distress signal is coming from that way.
SARGE:excellent work simmons. alright men... and grif. let's get ready to roll.
GRIF:only ninety-five percent certain?
SIMMONS:grif, if there's one thing that i've learned in working with you?, it's that there's always margin for error.
SARGE:excellent comeback simmons. that's a burn.
SIMMONS:thank you sir.
GRIF:har har. look who's so smart. it's pronounced margarine dumbass.
SIMMONS:seriously, if i ever meet the guy that assigned you to our squad, i'm gonna kill him.
GRIF:well if you're ninety-five percent certain it's that way, which way's the other five percent?
SIMMONS:whaddaya think, all the other directions.
GRIF:then i think that's the way we should go.
SIMMONS:you might be, the dumbest person i have ever met.
GRIF:and i think you're just covering your ass.
DONUT:(running up) hey sarge!
SIMMONS:what? i'm not covering my ass, you're the one trying to cover yours!
GRIF:no way.
SARGE:stop arguing you two. simmons isn't covering his ass, and grif certainly isn't coverin' his. noone's ass is being covered. got it? donut, whadda you want?
DONUT:uh... is that a trick question?
SARGE:donut...
DONUT:well, i was up on the windmill again, and i think i found a route we can take outta here.
SARGE:great! simmons, load up. donut, you back up simmons.
DONUT:yes sir, okey dokey.
SARGE:grif, you get in the base and distract the blues while we get ready to leave.
SIMMONS:you're sending grif?
GRIF:mokay, be right back.
SIMMONS:grif!? don't you remember the last time you sent him to distract command during our surprise inspection? he told them we were all in the base doing last minute cleaning, because we all had cholera, and we were in quarantine for a month. my ass still hurts from all the shots we got.
DONUT:yeah, you could say that again, mine hurts too!
SIMMONS:you weren't even there, donut.
DONUT:oh. i thought we were just sharing stuff.
GRIF:(from near the base) wait a second, you guys better not just be sending me so you can run off once i'm inside!
SARGE:of course not moron, now hurry up!
SARGE:okay, everybody in the jeep.
CABOOSE:you are in a cool river, where noone disturbs you, or calls you names. like "bomby." or, "the exploding jerk." there are sheep nearby, the kind that don't blow up, you are happy. but not overly happy... regular happy.
TEX:breathe in through your nose (takes a breath, and exhales through her mouth) and out through the mouth. again, in through the nose (takes a breath), and out through the mouth.
CHURCH:uh, maybe i'll get some candles, would you like some candles, or some incense? how 'bout that?
GARY: hey andy, knock knock.
ANDY:who's there.
GARY: inner peace and serenity.
ANDY:i already heard that one.
SARGE:and when we get there, we'll radio command and say we need a replacement, because we have absolutely no idea what happend to- oh grif!
SIMMONS:what're you doing back so soon? that was the shortest distraction of all time.
SARGE:what's wrong? what were the blues doing?
GRIF:you know? i can honestly say i have no idea what i just saw. can i quit the army now? seriously, i think i've seen everything i need to see at this point.
SARGE:if only i could make that happen dirtbag.
GRIF:i mean it, just tell me where to turn in my gun, i'm done.
LOPEZ:venga a mi ejrcito robotico.
CAPTION: come my robot army.
LOPEZ:ahora es la da de nuestra victoria glorioso.
CAPTION: today is the day of our glorious victory.
O'MALLEY:huhuhuhahaha. careful you fools, i need the device in tact, muhahahahahahahaha. now kill all those fools! and those fools over there. and, those fools. leave no fool left unkilled. this army has a no fool discrimination clause, muahaha.
DOC:i like that we have a no fool discrimination clause. it makes us progressive!
O'MALLEY:shut up you fool.
SIMMONS:okay, so let me get this straight... they were talking, to the bomb.
GRIF:dude, i don't know. they mentioned something about candles and a bubble bath, and they were playing some kind of a new age cd. it's like a yanni fan club meeting.
SARGE:that makes no sense at all. did you wanna translate for us pinky pants?
PINKY PAN-DONUT:my guess is that they're trying to get the bomb to do something for 'em.
SIMMONS:and all that sweet talk and candles will work on a bomb.
DONUT:it would work on me!
SARGE:doncha see what they're tryin' to do?
GRIF:no. isn't that the point of this conversation?
SARGE:the blues are obviously trying to coax the bomb in to rearming. they're about to launch an attack. on us!
GRIF:why would they do that?
SARGE:because they're blues. somebody get this kid the manual.
SIMMONS:oh-ho, i hate the blues.
SARGE:that's the spirit simmons.
O'MALLEY:hoohoohoohohahaha. and now the hour is at hand. it is time, my robot minions.
DOC:he means robot miniones. where's your cultural sensitivity?
O'MALLEY:oh shut up. at last, we will sieze our destiny!
DOC:do we really have to sieze destiny? can't we just invite it to join our online circle of friends?
O'MALLEY:quiet you fool. and quit sending me those invites. they're repulsive. prepare for battle! we will break upon their fortress like an evil wind!
DOC:oh.
O'MALLEY:crushing a repair a dent of lightning speed! attack!
ROBOT ARMY:charge.
O'MALLEY:you there, hurry along. and you in the back. eu- lopez, can't you speed them up?
LOPEZ:e esta es la velocidad mxima.
CAPTION: this is their maximum velocity.
O'MALLEY:this isn't what i asked for.
LOPEZ:dices des qu quieras esta da de victoria.
CAPTION: you said you wanted a day of victory.
LOPEZ:a este velocidad, va pasar veinte cuatro horas para ganar.
CAPTION: at this speed, they will win in exactly 24 hours.
O'MALLEY:heuh...
A ROBOT:charge.
CHURCH:so we cool here?
TUCKER:i think we're finally calmed down.
CABOOSE:yes. we are all better now, we are not mad, and we are definitely not thinking about exploding at all any more.
ANDY:hey, are you talkin' about me?
CHURCH:what? no, course not. we just wanna make sure that we're all happy, and that we're not upset in any way whatsoever.
ANDY:don't say "we", you really mean me. i mean, you, which in this case, is me.
CHURCH:no no no, uh, we're uh, talking about tex.
TEX:excuse me?
CHURCH:(whispering to tex) hey, you wanna die in an explosion? play along. (to andy) yeah, um... i don't know if you've noticed but she's uh... she's kind of a bitch. isn't that right tex.
TEX:church...
ANDY:i don't know...
TUCKER:come on tex.
TEX:yes. we're talking about me.
ANDY:sounds like you're patronizing me.
TEX:no really, it's me, i'm a bitch.
CHURCH:heh heh, keep going.
TEX:and i need to be calmed down all the time.
CHURCH:or what happens?
TEX:or, else i get so mad, i kill people on my own team.
CHURCH:...i see your point.
CABOOSE:tell him about the moodiness. and the crankiness.
TUCKER:also mention that you like to punch people in the head while they sleep.
CABOOSE:that was you!? i thought the tooth fairy was mad at me.
ANDY:well, she sounds like a real handful.
TEX:alright listen you little noob firecracker.
CHURCH:whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! see what i mean andy? volatile.
TEX:i am so gonna remember this church.
CABOOSE:you should sleep with your pillow on top. of your head. tonight.
CHURCH:yes, that's very funny, make all the threats you want. as long as everyone is calm, and peaceful, and there's nothing else to make us excited, i don't care.
O'MALLEY:(from outside) attack, my robot minions.
CHURCH:i could almost feel that coming, right as i finished the sentence.
SARGE:what the hell was that?
SIMMONS:it sounded like a huge explosion!
SARGE:chantilly lace! that means the blues have rearmed the bomb.
GRIF:wait, they rearmed it and it exploded. isn't that good for us?
SARGE:grif, don't interrupt me when i'm leading in a battle situation!
GRIF:...we're in battle?
SARGE:course we are, now get ready for your orders. donut!
DONUT:yes sir.
SARGE:scream like a woman!
DONUT:can do! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh! (runs wildly and continues screaming through the rest of the episode. see below)
SARGE:grif!
GRIF:what.
SARGE:prepare to sacrifice yourself to save a nearby superior officer.
GRIF:i don't think i've been trained on that.
SARGE:simmons, kiss ass at will.
SIMMONS:you're both an excellent leader, and a handsome man sir.
SARGE:excellent work simmons. incoming.
SARGE:grif, you're up.
GRIF:permission to assist donut, sir.
SARGE:permission denied. continue with operation meatshield. remember, just 'cause your bones are broken doesn't mean they won't stop bullets from hitting me! now get out there.
SIMMONS:good call sir!
SARGE:you're on your way to a medal, simmons. in fact, medals all the way around. purple heart for grif, pink heart for donut, and a brown nose for simmons.
DONUT:aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! we're all gonna die! waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh, wahaaaaaaaaah whooooooooo hoo hoooooooooooo, whoaa noooooo, whahahaaaaaaaaaaaaa, gonna die, we're gonna die, whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... (inhale) ahhhhhhhhhhh, we're all gonna die, can't someone help me, won't someone help me, whoaohhhhhhhhhhh, help me somebody... i'm too young to die, i'm too pretty to die... i haven't even seen paris yet!
ROBOT ARMY:charge.
O'MALLEY:hu hu hoh, for god's sake. will you hurry up! lopez, i'm disappointed in your work. these minions are much too slow.
LOPEZ:creo que esta movindro muy bien.
CAPTION: i think they are moving along nicely.
O'MALLEY:you fool! you don't even have legs, and you still got up here faster than them!
LOPEZ:usted es los cerebros en esta operacin. yo no mas soy el msculo.
CAPTION: hey, you're the brains in this operation. i'm just the brawn.
DOC:they may be slow, but their posture is excellent!
O'MALLEY:huhhg...
DOC:a for effort, lopez!
SARGE:i think they're distracted. let's use this chance to slip away.
SIMMONS:great idea, sir. i have a lock on the distress signal. we can head right for it.
SARGE:good thinking simmons. everybody in the jeep.
SIMMONS:shotgun!
GRIF:shotgun! fuck.
DONUT:shotgun's lap!
SIMMONS:fuck!
SARGE:there's just no room for four people. someone will have to jog alongside. grif?
GRIF:jog? what's that?
SIMMONS:it's like running slowly, dear god you don't know what jogging means?
GRIF:yeah, you lost me at running. sorry, it's not in my contract.
DONUT:oh, don't worry, i'll do it. just give me one second while i put my jogging shorts on.
GRIF:wait. i wanna reconsider.
DONUT:who wants to hold my ankles while i stretch out my hammies?
SARGE:noone's fallin' for that twice, donut.
TEX:alright, i think i can take 'em. i just need a better weapon.
TUCKER:want me to help you find one?
TEX:mm, why don't you just give me your sword?
TUCKER:no way, i can see right through your little ploy. you just want me to give you the sword.
TEX:that's what i just said.
TUCKER:yeah, but it's the way you said it.
TEX:you know, it's a good thing that that sword doesn't run on brainpower. oh my god, tucker, look! hot chicks.
TUCKER:nice try, you just want me to turn around so you can knock me out and take the sword.
TEX:now the hot girls are makin' out.
TUCKER:okay, that's worth the risk. (turns around) eauhw, crap.
CABOOSE:just stay calm andy... everything will be fine.
ANDY:i'm okay, really. i like explosions. you on the other hand look a little nervous.
CABOOSE:you know, i always get a little nervous during battles. ...i think it's 'cause we never win.
ANDY:eh, don't sweat it. if they get in the base, i'll just explode and kill everybody.
CABOOSE:wouldn't that kill us too... andy?
ANDY:hey. you can't make an omelette without blowin' up a few eggs.
CABOOSE:... ... ... ... ... i like eggs.
ANDY:me too.
CHURCH:gary, is it possible that the great destroyer could be an entire army of people?
GARY: no, the great destroyer is a single person who will come to claim the great weapon.
CHURCH:yeah, that's great.
GARY: prepare, one and all. the fulfillment of the great prophecy is at hand.
CHURCH:so you have no good news for me today.
GARY: orange you glad i didn't say banana?
SARGE:let's go men.
GRIF:one of them's following us.
SARGE:we're going too slow. we have to leave someone behind.
GRIF:not it.
SIMMONS:not it.
DONUT:what? no way! you're leaving me behind?
SARGE:sorry donut, but military law is very clear in regard to the "not it" methodology for making decisions.
DONUT:aw man, there's still so much about the army i don't understand.
GRIF:here he comes!
SARGE:donut, you hide here and wait for the guy tailing us. then when he passes, shoot him square in the back and watch him die. just like john wayne would have done.
GRIF:hurry up guys, he's getting closer! no wait, no he, yeah he is getting closer. no, yes!
DONUT:all this retreating, and shooting people in the back, doesn't sound very noble.
SARGE:we're not retreating, we're advancing! towards future victory!
DONUT:how'm i gonna find you guys?
SIMMONS:just follow the distress signal to its source, you'll find us there.
DONUT:but i don't have a way to track it!
SARGE:... excellent point donut.
DONUT:thank you sir. ohh... (sigh) (lip smacking sounds as he watches the robot painfully slowly advance) (that "i'm waiting..." kind of humming) uhh, god. well, i've got some time.
ROBOT 4:attack.
ROBOT 1:attack.
ROBOT 3:attack.
O'MALLEY:(evil laugh) fastar! fastar! pathetic. lopez! how do i say faster in spanish?
LOPEZ:como dice socero, socero. socero socero socero, cerocero.
O'MALLEY:yes... so okay... what? okay, got it.
O'MALLEY:huhuh, soy un pendejo prpuras que gusta tomar aceite.
CAPTION: hey everyone! i am a purple jerk and i love to drink motor oil.
O'MALLEY:that was rather looong to mean hurry up.
LOPEZ:es una lengua muy potica.
CAPTION: it's a very poetic language.
DONUT:(arriving behind a rock or something) oh man, it's that creepy dude! i wonder why he's insulting himself.
DONUT:qu curioso.
CAPTION: how strange.
DONUT:ooh, the motorcycle!
O'MALLEY:mi cola es muy grande. y mi gusta frotar mi cola. y quiero oler mi cola e tambin besar, a mi cola.
CAPTION: my butt is very big. and i like to rub my own butt. and i like to sniff my own butt and kiss my own butt.
O'MALLEY:are you sure cola means evil?
LOPEZ:jefe, alguien est robandro su vehculo.
CAPTION: hey boss, someone is stealing your vehicle.
O'MALLEY:ueuh, drat! i only had two payments left!
LOPEZ:tiene aseguran da?
CAPTION: do you have insurance on it?
O'MALLEY:of course not. it's a scam.
LOPEZ:por que? vivimos en un barrio muy mal.
CAPTION: why not? we live in a bad neighborhood.
O'MALLEY:of course we live in a bad neighborhood. we're evil doers! we're what makes the neighborhood bad.
CHURCH:whoa, tucker, are you okay?
TUCKER:uhhhh, mmm, huh, damn. okay, new rule. we start rotating knockouts. next time, it's your turn.
CHURCH:hey good idea. and next time caboose decides he wants to go around team killing, you can take that one.
TUCKER:maybe we should all stick to what we know best.
CHURCH:hey, where's your weapon?
TUCKER:do you think she knocked me out for fun? this isn't tuesday dude, she took it!
CHURCH:oh man, this is not gonna be good.
ROBOT 7:attack.
ROBOT 4:un ara--
CAPTION: hey! a spid--
O'MALLEY:what was that!?
DOC:uh oh.
GARY: the great destroyer has arrived. the end is near. the great destroyer has arrived. the end is near.
O'MALLEY:lopez, do you see anything?
LOPEZ:no, mas robotesas muertas. mi ejrcito hermosa destruy.
CAPTION: no, just dead robots everywhere. my beautiful robot army destroyed.
O'MALLEY:i'm going to sneak around the side. let me know if you see anything. lopez. lopez! lopez! (turns around to see that shadowy figure approaching) ho no! noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
SIMMONS:just a little further guys.
SARGE:you stole that thing all by yourself?
DONUT:yep, and then i ran over the guy that was chasing us. and a few other innocent pedestrians.
SARGE:i'm so proud of you.
DONUT:hyeah, stealing and killing are a huge rush. i wish i'd started at a much younger age. i caught the fever!
SIMMONS:okay, the source of the distress signal is right outside this crap!
GRIF:noooooooooooooooooooohohohooooooooooooo!!!
GRIF:this sucks.
CHURCH:wow. she really did a lot of damage.
TUCKER:are you surprised?
CHURCH:no, not really, i guess not.
TUCKER:i'll tell you what, it's days like today, i'm really glad she's on our side.
TEX:who's on our side? whoa! who killed all the robots?
CHURCH:you did.
TEX:no i didn't.
CHURCH:what?
TEX:i've been downstairs, trying to figure out how to turn this sword on.
CHURCH:wait a second. (runs off)
TUCKER:just push the power button.
TEX:i did, that didn't work.
TUCKER:yeah, that's surprising.
GARY: the end is near. the great destroyer has arrived. the end is near. the great destroyer has arrived. the end is near. the great destroyer has arrived. the end is near. the great destroyer has arrived. (continues as church talks)
CHURCH:oh come on gary gary gary, stop stop stop. hey if tex is not the destroyer from the prophecy, then who is?
GARY: ...
CHURCH:gary?
GARY: knock knock.
YOU:oh my fucking god it's an elite!
ME:i know, shut up.
CHURCH:who's there.
CHURCH:hey everybody. lately there's been a number of people coming to our website, redvsblue, looking for information about red states versus blue states.
GRIF:yeah they all wanna complain about each other and they're looking for a new place to do it.
CHURCH:yeah we don't really keep up with current events, but apparently from what we've been able to figure out, the red states did something that caused a disaster in the blue states, and now all the people are being forced to evacuate to canada and france. and for some reason the evacuation is being led by a fat guy from michigan.
CHURCH:we don't, really understand a lot of it.
GRIF:yeah, and the people in the red states are mad because the people in the blue states are mean to them, and want them to pay money for roads and school instead of cool things like nascar and shotguns. also, there's somethin' about ketchup in there. like we said, a lot of this stuff doesn't make much sense.
CHURCH:yeah but our website isn't really about large groups of people that hate themselves. it's more about small groups of people, that are able to hate on a much more personal level.
GRIF:like i hate church because he's blue.
CHURCH:and i hate grif because he's not blue. in fact he's, not even really red. it's more like a, orangey kinda peach... well sorta like somebody threw up and decided to call it a color.
GRIF:the blue idiot's right. this time of year we should all come together and hate as a group, like our ancestors did.
CHURCH:and what better to hate than turkeys? and what better way to hate 'em, than to eat 'em by the million.
SARGE:exactly.
GRIF:hey sarge, how's the big dinner coming?
SARGE:well there's seven of us, so i thought one turkey wouldn't cut it.
CHURCH:yeah i can see how only three pounds of meat would leave us unsatisfied.
SARGE:are you familiar with the turducken?
GRIF:yeah, that's what i do when i visit the monkey house at the zoo and make 'em mad.
SIMMONS:not turd ducking, a turducken. it's a chicken in a duck in a turkey.
CHURCH:you know, because the holiday isn't quite gluttonous enough on its own.
GRIF:sounds awesome, is that what we're having?
SARGE:nope. although impressive, i decided they stopped short when designing the turducken.
CHURCH:yeah. they seemed like real underachievers there.
SARGE:so i decided to make my own variety.
CHURCH:what's that, a polecat stuffed in a possum?
SARGE:nope, first we start with a hummingbird- (a picture of a hummingbird appears next to sarge)
GRIF:a what?
SARGE:put that in a sparrow (picture of a sparrow), stuff them both in a cornish hen (picture of a cooked hen), then put that in a chicken (picture of a guy in a chicken suit). put all that in a duck (picture of a mallard duck), then in a turkey (hand-drawn picture of a hand turned in to a turkey), then in a bigger turkey (picture of michael moore again).
GRIF:two turkeys?
SARGE:hey, it's thanksgiving. put that in a penguin (picture of some penguins), stuff that in a peacock (picture of the nbc logo from the '70s), then an eagle (picture of an eagle), shove it all in an albatross (picture of an albatross in flight), then an emu (that well-known picture of an emu's head, head on), next comes an ostrich (picture of a running ostrich), then a leopard (picture of a sleeping leopard)! put all that in a pterodactyl (artist's rendering of a pterodactyl), and then stuff it in a boeing 747 (picture of a 747).
CHURCH:... cool. i get a wing.
SIMMONS:i call the turbine.
SARGE:alright! hunker up boys, hey grif! what kinda meat do you like? first class, or coach?
CHURCH:you know if we cook this thing at three hundred and fifty degrees at ten minutes a pound, it's not gonna be done for eleven years.
SARGE:that's why we're going to deep fry.
SARGE:there's the oil now!
SIMMONS:what was that leopard for?
SARGE:presentation.
GRIF:hi everyone, i'm private dexter grif from the popular webseries red vs blue.
SIMMONS:and as always, i'm private dick simmons.
GRIF:as many of you are no doubt aware, this flu season has been particularly harsh.
GRIF:even here in blood gulch.
SIMMONS:during the winter months, disease can spread like a virus. and as we all know, a virus can carry disease.
GRIF:and with all the crazy new diseases out there, like sars and zombie fever, you might not even know you're sick until you start coughing from the stench of your own rotting corpse.
SIMMONS:here to help you look for early warning signs of this year's flu, is medical officer dufrasne.
DOC:thanks guys. hi everybody. here are some common symptoms to look for this flu season. fever. runny nose. watery eyes. embarassing itchy places. projectile vomiting. fear of abandonment. apocalyptic visions. evil-
GRIF:whoa whoa whoa, hold on a second, did you say evil?
SIMMONS:yeah those, those aren't flu symptoms.
DOC:guys, trust me, i'm a doctor.
SIMMONS:no you're not, you just play one on the internet!
DOC:signs your condition may be getting worse include but aren't limited to, night blindness. hysterical screaming. maniacal laughing. volting. and of course, excessive number three.
GRIF:ewwww!
CABOOSE:(up on a cliff) i had all of those things. i was very sick.
SIMMONS:no you didn't caboose.
GRIF:no it's true, caboose got asian bird flu.
SIMMONS:what? how is that possible, doesn't asian bird flu only infect birds?
GRIF:somehow, he found a way.
CABOOSE:i am feeling much better now. and, i can fly. (jumps off the cliff) i am flyinggggggg- (crashes, just like you'd expect) ow. the sky is very hard.
DOC:if you think you're feeling sick, or possessed by diabolical forces, just remember to get plenty of fluids, and cave-dwelling time.
DONUT:of course, the key is to not get sick in the first place. that means staying warm, and that means accessorizing.
DONUT:whad'ya think of my new boots, guys? aren't they fab?
SIMMONS:get out of here donut!
GRIF:you're not even supposed to be in this psa.
DONUT:oh come on guys, who knows more about spreading communicable diseases than me?
DOC:he's got a point there guys.
DONUT:and here's a tip for all you kids out there. stay off the computer. that way you'll avoid getting a deadly computer virus. alive in oh-five. delano out! (runs off)
GRIF:so in summary, you can help yourself avoid the common cold if you just avoid some simple mistakes.
DOC:if you're feeling dizzy, short of breath, or if you've just been up all night plotting world domination, you're probably coming down with something really, really, really bad.
SIMMONS:so stay healthy, because you wouldn't wanna have to stay home and miss school or work for one day.
GRIF:oh yeah, wouldn't wanna miss work, that would be (fake coughing)... terrible. (suddenly in a stuffy voice) simmons, i think i'm coming down with something, i don't think i'm gonna be able to make it to work.
SARGE:(running in to frame) what in consumption! we've got an outbreak, simmons! prepare to initiate quarantine protocol omega-three!
SIMMONS:yes sir. i'll get the vaccine, and the extra large sepository, so we can cure grif.
GRIF:(short coughing) -did you say extra large? uh suddenly, i'm feeling much better!
SARGE:too late for needles, simmons. i've had the bullets in my shotgun medically coated, for the fastest possible injection of life-saving medicine.
SIMMONS:great idea sir. we shoot him until he's healthy again!
GRIF:really guys, much better, seriously.
SARGE:it's all about containment now son. if we fire at will, we may be able to save the others.
GRIF:hey doc, a little help here?
DOC:quiet grif, can't you see i'm trying to learn new medical field techniques? hey sarge, how would you treat a sore throat?
SARGE:that's easy. stricnine soothes and coats as it goes down.
DOC:how about fever.
SARGE:feed the patient dry ice, and replace the blood with a heavy-weight antifreeze.
DOC:ah, i see. what about a cold?
SARGE:a cold? son, in my day we would euthanize anyone with a sniffle!
GRIF:uh oh.
SIMMONS:okay tucker, hit it!
TUCKER:okay.
GRIF:that looks perfect! merry christmas buddy.
SIMMONS:perfect?! that looks like crap. half o' the lights are burned out.
GRIF:i meant perfect by our standards.
SIMMONS:gah, this sucks.
GRIF:that's not the holiday spirit, simmons!
SIMMONS:holidays? christmas is about snow and family and turkey. not a bunch of busted lights and drinking donut's egg nog out of an old oil can.
SARGE:no donut, for the last time, i don't wanna know what the secret ingredient is!
GRIF:simmons, holidays are when you think about more than just your own wants and needs.
TUCKER:yeah. you should be thinking of people less fortunate than you. and that makes you feel better, because those suckers are chumps. and who wants to be a chump?
GRIF:no-body. chumps are a bunch of punks.
SIMMONS:but what about our missing friends, like lopez, and your buddy church? don't you remember last year when we were all together back home? it was swell.
TUCKER:miss church... do you remember last year?
SIMMONS:well, uhgh, it's not much grif, but it's ours. merry christmas, old buddy.
SIMMONS:what the hell?
GRIF:hey!
CHURCH:(holding a sniper rifle) oops! looks like you lost one of your ornaments, pricks! i guess this year it's not "ho ho ho," it's just... "ho ho!"
CHURCH:booya!
SIMMONS:cut that out, asshole!
GRIF:yeah!
CHURCH:oh! now you got just one ho!
TUCKER:i wish i had just one-
CHURCH:oh shut the fuck up, tucker.
TUCKER:what, that was gonna be funny.
CABOOSE:aaand this year, i'm going to ask santa for, a pony. ...and a cowboy.
CHURCH:i think there's something you should know about santa. come here.
CHURCH:(whispering) whisper whisper boyfriend whisper whisper.
CABOOSE:no!
CHURCH:(whispering) yeah he used to be a chick, too. whisper whisper.
CABOOSE:noooo!!! (runs off)
CHURCH:oh, where ya going? hey, you really want a pony, i got something i could put down your throat. that'll make you a little hoarse. heh heh heh. (to donut) what're you lookin' at?
TUCKER:hey church, i'm still trying to figure out what to get caboose.
CHURCH:christmas is in seven hours moron.
TUCKER:i know. if you wait until last minute you get all the good deals.
CHURCH:ah just get everybody the same thing, that's what i did.
TUCKER:let me guess. everyone's getting a lump of coal.
CHURCH:fuck no, you know how much coal costs? like five bucks a ton! i'm not spending that much on you losers! you're all gettin' a lump of smoal.
TUCKER:what's smoal?
CHURCH:it's a knockoff synthetic coal. it's just as good as the real thing, except when you burn it it doesn't make any heat, just makes smoke.
TUCKER:huh, what? how does it make smoke with no heat?
CHURCH:how the fuck do i know? ask the fine makers of smoal.
SARGE:i have some bad news, fellas. i just got a memo from command.
GRIF:what is the war over or somethin'?
SARGE:no, even worse. apparently santa has signed an exclusive deal with the blue team. he's gonna be wearing a blue santa suit for the next five years.
SIMMONS:are you sure that someone from blue team didn't send that as a joke?
SARGE:no simmons, we're definitely on the naughty list for the foreseeable future.
SIMMONS:come on, are you sure about this?
SARGE:of course! it came from command! it's signed by a, korporal dick goesinya. wait a second! corporal isn't spelled with a k!
TUCKER:church, it hasn't been the best holiday, but i think i found the perfect gift for you. merry christmas buddy.
CHURCH:i thought we agreed not to get each other anything this year.
TUCKER:no we didn't!
CHURCH:oh. well, maybe i'm mistaken.
TUCKER:mistaken? you specifically told me to get you something.
CHURCH:i did?
TUCKER:you gave me a catalog with stuff circled in it.
CHURCH:huh. doesn't ring a bell.
TUCKER:you set a budget for us, between three hundred and three fifty.
CHURCH:oh well, i guess it's just one of those things.
TUCKER:fuck you, i'm keeping it.
CHURCH:tucker, isn't christmas the season of giving-holy shit, blue santa!
TUCKER:(turning) where? (turns back to see the present gone) aw crap.
SIMMONS:now that i'm thinking about it, maybe it's better that church isn't here this year.
TUCKER:yeah, christmas is the one day of the year you should never miss church.
CHURCH:ah, forget it douchebags! you're all still gettin' lumps of smoal!
TUCKER:ah crap.
CHURCH:hey sarge? you know that sundance film festival thing we're going to?
SARGE:'course i do. you were s'posed to book the hotel rooms for that.
CHURCH:uh yeah, that was too expensive so i had to make other arrangements.
SARGE:what? how much was the hotel?
CHURCH:twelve thousand dollars.
SARGE:what does that break down to per day?
CHURCH:that is per day.
SARGE:so where're we staying?
CHURCH:some place rustic, you know, with a real "authentic utah" feel. it's called colorado.
SARGE:we don't want authentic! we're gonna be hob-gobbing with hollywood types! the only thing they have in common with people from utah are multiple wives!
GRIF:uh hey sarge, we got a problem!
SARGE:what now?
GRIF:you know those gift baskets you wanted for the panel presentation? well we couldn't get all the sponsors you wanted, so... we had to improvise.
SARGE:did you get those sidekick phones, like paris hilton uses?
GRIF:uh, no, but we got a beeper used by becky sue johnson, the heiress to the howard johnson empire.
SARGE:what about the ipods?
GRIF:we got something called ipuds.
SARGE:...
GRIF:don't ask.
SARGE:well did you get anything good?
GRIF:uh, let's see. we got pormel.
CHURCH:pormel, the meat packing company?
SIMMONS:not hormel, pormel. they don't actually make meat products, they make meat by-products.
GRIF:we also got sponsored by a plumbing supply company over on fifth avenue.
SARGE:son, we're going to the sundance film festival. the mecca for the cultural and creative elite!
GRIF AND  SIMMONS:... hahaha
SIMMONS:cultural elite. good one sarge.
SARGE:thanks, but seriously. you wanna hand out cans of chilli and bottles of drain-o?
SIMMONS:it's got kind of a nice thematic cohesion when you think about it sir.
SARGE:simmons, that's one hell of a literary stretch, and pretty low-brow if you ask me.
SIMMONS:i prefer the term mainstream sir.
CHURCH:what're you, a publicist?
GRIF:hey sarge, real quick: chloe sevigny, beans or no beans?
SARGE:son, i couldn't even begin to answer that question.
CHURCH:beans have carbs, dumbass. people in hollywood die if they eat those.
GRIF:gotcha. extra beans.
GRIF:hey you're back, how'd the humpday thing go?
SIMMONS:uhhmmmmm...
CHURCH:oh it went great, as long as you weren't on our team.
GRIF:so you lost.
CHURCH:yeah, unless there's some new game type where you're supposed to catch the most amount of bullets with your torso. in which case, simmons was the clear victor.
SIMMONS:what the hell! you were the one who was supposed to have all these great strategies!
CHURCH:well if you people had listened to me while we were out there, maybe we would have won a game.
CHURCH:alright men, they're coming up the right flank! this is our chance, formation pattern delta!
SIMMONS:(in a girly voice) i'm scared, and i peed my pants, and i don't wanna die in my peepee pants!
SIMMONS:that's not what happened.
CHURCH:i think that's a very, accurate, portrayal.
SIMMONS:that wasn't even my voice!
CHURCH:well let's just agree to disagree.
SIMMONS:okay, the real problem, was that the weapons had all changed slightly, and we had never used them before.
GRIF:how were the weapons different? did they shoot fire or something?
CHURCH:no.
GRIF:were the triggers in a different place?
CHURCH:noh.
GRIF:wait, were the guys from bungie using the same weapons as you?
CHURCH:yes.
GRIF:well i can see how you'd think it was a legitimate excuse. hey, next time you guys go out of town to embarass the crap out of us, why don't you let me tag along. i'm great at losing, i could be one of our all stars.
SIMMONS:i'm so ashamed.
GRIF:why isn't he saying anything?
CHURCH:uh, well let's just put it this way, there were some side-bets before the match, and tucker's mouth now belongs to someone else's balls.
TUCKER:...i don't wanna talk about it.
SIMMONS:let me get this straight, you just gave that guy the flag!? come on guys i see them, they're over here, let's go get 'em!
TEX:i figure we have a minute before they find us.
CHURCH:that's no good. hey tucker, which way is it to blue base?
TUCKER:i dunno.
CHURCH:what? but you're our navigator.
TUCKER:who said that? and whose idea was it to leave a trail of ice cubes back to the base? in the snow?
TEX:can we hurry this up please, i'm freezing.
TUCKER:it's not that cold. watch. hey caboose, try sticking your tongue to that flagpole again.
CABOOSE:ay, am moth folling fo tha, agaim.
TEX:hey, if we're lost-
CHURCH:we are not lost. we're just taking an alternate unexplored route, that we don't know the location of.
TEX:it takes a lot less time if you just say "lost."
CHURCH:no way.
TEX:why don't we just go find someone and ask directions.
TUCKER:i'm not doing that.
CHURCH:no way.
TEX:(mockingly) because you're big strong men?
TUCKER:no, it's because we're not girls.
CHURCH:oh hey look, a map.
TUCKER:cool!
CHURCH:you are here. good! at least now we know where we are.
TUCKER:i already knew i was here. thanks for nothing map.
TEX:not getting any warmer guys.
CHURCH:okay, we came in here by the department store, so we need to head back this way to blue base.
TUCKER:we need to go up?
CHURCH:not up, it's north.
TUCKER:looks like up.
CHURCH:north is always up on a m- look just forget it. i know which way we're going so just follow me.
CABOOSE:i'm not going anywhere.
CHURCH:what?
CABOOSE:uh my mom always said that if i got lost, i should just stay exactly where i am, and she said that she would come and find me.
CHURCH:caboose, you've gotta be kidding me. we need to get back to base, and your mother is not coming.
TUCKER:i don't know about that, if i see his mom later tonight-
CHURCH:tucker not now!
TEX:i'll stay here and guard caboose. you guys go get the car, and come back and pick us up.
CHURCH:alright fine, we'll be right back. come on tucker, let's head north. i mean up- i mean north, god dammit!
TUCKER:what is this place, the food court?
CHURCH:yeah i think so, look, they got the whole place color coded. where did we park?
TUCKER:i dunno, red?
CHURCH:why would we park in red?
TUCKER:i don't care.
CHURCH:i remember seeing blue when we parked-
TUCKER:yeah, that's because we're all blue, and caboose was sitting on your lap. what does your parking ticket say?
CHURCH:i left it in the car.
TUCKER:what? someone's gonna break in and steal the ticket to save ten bucks on parking.
CHURCH:have you ever heard about that happening, even once?
TUCKER:wait, i remember now, you said you didn't wanna pay ten dollars to park in here, so we parked out on the street.
CHURCH:oh right, i am cheap. alright, come on, let's take the teleporter.
TUCKER:what the hell is this?
CHURCH:i think it's a water park.
TUCKER:cool, thank god i wore my bikini briefs today.
CHURCH:tucker...
TUCKER:just kidding. (under breath) i don't even wear underwear.
CHURCH:thanks for the uh, mental picture you just painted there pal.
TUCKER:man, this blue base is way better than our base. we should move here.
CHURCH:yeah it's nice.
TUCKER:look at all that water. the red side didn't have any water.
CHURCH:i guess.
TUCKER:what an advantage! we could slowly dehydrate the reds and when they come over to get a drink, bam!
CHURCH:when did you start thinking strategically?
TUCKER:ah, i just like being mean to people.
CHURCH:okay, now this looks familiar.
TUCKER:yeah, that's what you've been saying for seven blocks.
CHURCH:ah ha! there's the car. i knew it.
TUCKER:i bet tex and caboose have died from starvation by now. hey look, a yogurt shop, awesome!
CHURCH:i don't think they're open tucker!
TUCKER:i think you're right, let's break in.
CHURCH:i'm not breaking in to a store to get you free yogurt. come on, let's go.
TUCKER:i can see the sprinkles. sprinkles church, seriously.
CHURCH:yeah that's great, now come on, let's go. we'll come back after we pick them up.
TUCKER:hey can i drive?
CHURCH:uh, let me think about that for a minute no.
TUCKER:alright, i'll just work the horn then.
CHURCH:stop it.
GRIF:noooooooooooooooooooooooo! nohohohoooooooooohaoooooooooooooo!
DONUT:is he ever gonna stop screaming? he's been up there for hours.
SARGE:simmons, shut him up!
SIMMONS:hey grif, shut the fuck up! get down here and help us check out the base!
GRIF:no! no! noooooooooooooohohohooooooooooooooo!
SIMMONS:i don't think he's even listening to us.
GRIF:noooooooo actually that time i was answering your question noooooooooooo!
SARGE:heugh.
GRIF:noooooooooooooooooooo-
SARGE:go up there and get him simmons.
GRIF:-oooooooooooooooooooooo-
DONUT:if he keeps screaming like that, he's gonna pass out and fall off the cliff.
SARGE:cancel that order, simmons!
GRIF:-oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo-
SARGE:donut, get me a sniper rifle.
DONUT:yes sir.
GRIF:-oooooooooooooo.
TUCKER:and he says "did i read it? i already ruined it!"
TEX:that's disgusting.
CABOOSE:i don't get it.
CHURCH:what, the fuck, was that.
CABOOSE:hey church!
TUCKER:hey.
TEX:huh?
CHURCH:isn't anybody gonna ask me, "what happened to your body, church?"
TEX AND  TUCKER:what happened to your body church.
CABOOSE:what happened to some... body... church?
CHURCH:hell if i know. all i know is, i was sittin' there talkin' to gary, and-
TEX:the bomb?
CHURCH:no that's andy, gary is the computer.
TEX:neh, i don't even remember most of your names half the time.
CABOOSE:i know my name! you can ask me, if you forget.
CHURCH:hey, can we please focus on me?
CABOOSE:by the way, he's church.
CHURCH:yes, thank you caboose, she knows.
CABOOSE:he is the mean one.
CHURCH:thank you, caboose.
CABOOSE:see, he is mad. now he'll just stare at me until i stop talking, then, when he thinks i am done talking, then he will start talking again.
CHURCH:... okay. i was talking to gary and-
CABOOSE:told you so.
CHURCH:god dammit!
CABOOSE:classic church.
TUCKER:i wonder if a ghost can have an aneurism.
CHURCH:anyway, i was talking to gary about the great destroyer, who at the time we thought was tex.
GARY: the great destroyer has arrived. the end is near.
CHURCH:oh come on gary gary gary, stop stop stop. hey if tex is not the destroyer from the prophecy, then who is?
CHURCH:and that's when i turned around, and i saw...
CABOOSE:saw what? saw o'malley?
CHURCH:what the- caboose, get outta the story man. no it wasn't o'malley.
CABOOSE:what was it?
CHURCH:stop interrupting me, and i'll tell you.
CABOOSE:a helicopter?
TUCKER:yeah caboose, shut up.
CHURCH:hey, tucker, you're interrupting now too. everybody just get outta here.
TUCKER:me? i'm just tryin' to punch up the storyline. check this out.
TUCKER:hi everybody, i'm super horny from all the robot killing. hey is it hot in here? who wants to help me out of this heavy armor. this breastplate is so itchy.
TUCKER:bow chicka bow-
TUCKER:-whoa, story's over.
TEX:you're a pig.
TUCKER:i didn't even get to the part where the sailors show up.
TEX:just tell us, what did you see?
CHURCH:um, it was a really big... thing.
TEX:that's your story? you saw a big thing.
TUCKER:eh, my story had a big thing in it too. you just didn't give it time to develop.
CHURCH:well i didn't really get a clear look at it.
CABOOSE:at tucker's big thing.
CHURCH:no dumbass, at the big thing in the base that attacked me. all i know is that it was slimy, and it had lots of teeth.
TUCKER:kinky.
CHURCH:seriously dude, cut the shit. we've got a situation on our hands.
TEX:well how did you fight it off?
CHURCH:fight it off? you must have me confused with someone who's brave. i got the hell outta there.
TEX:you're telling me you left your body behind?
CHURCH:i had to get outta there fast. that body was just dead weight.
CABOOSE:i know the feeling.
CHURCH:what is that supposed to mean?
TUCKER:hahahaha, some slimy toothed monster scared the crap outta church! haha!
TEX:he didn't scare the crap outta him, he scared the soul outta him.
TUCKER:oh it's church, what's the difference? his soul is made outta crap. stupid crap for soul.
CHURCH:for all i know, he's in there chewin' on my body right now.
TEX:well, then let's go get this big thing of yours.
TUCKER:bow chicka bow wow.
TEX:oh shut up.
CHURCH:shut up tucker.
TUCKER:did somebody call for a really hairy plumber? bow chicka bow wow!
CHURCH:tucker. shut up.
TUCKER:i came here to lay some pipe. bow-chicka-bow-wow!
CHURCH:tucker!
TUCKER:so i hear you got sisters. bow chicka- who're twins! -wow wow!
CHURCH:shut up.
TUCKER:hey, are you a model or famous actress? bow-chicka-bow-wow!
CHURCH:shut up.
TUCKER:bow chickachicka-
CHURCH:shut up.
TUCKER:-gow wow chicka-
CHURCH:shut up.
TUCKER:-chicka bow bow chickachickachi bow bow!
CHURCH:shut up!
GRIF:nooooooooooo-
SARGE:close!
SIMMONS:thank you sir!
GRIF:nooo!
SARGE:donut, you're going outta turn.
DONUT:i thought i went after simmons.
SARGE:no, we go in line. it goes you then me, then simmons, then back down to me then you, then me then me, then simmons then me then me then simmons, me, me simmons you simmons me me me simmons you. me. then me again. it makes perfect sense!
SIMMONS:but doesn't that mean you go twice as much? or, ten times as much?
GRIF:ow!
SARGE:this is the best game since grifball.
GRIF:i'm not comin' down!
SARGE:hey grif! move back and forth like one of those ducks at the carnival!
SARGE:no, don't duck, that makes you harder to hit. act like a duck!
SIMMONS:wait a minute, that was my turn!
SARGE:this is the lightning round.
SIMMONS:who's in the lightning round?
SARGE:me.
GRIF:alright, fuck this, i'm comin' down!
GRIF:ow! i said i'm comin' down!
SARGE:hyaha, buzzer beater! take that you stupid duck.
TUCKER:we haven't seen that alien thing come out, so he's probably still hiding in there.
CABOOSE:or, eating church!
TEX:alright then. let's roll.
CHURCH:okay... here we go...
TEX:...
CABOOSE:...
TUCKER:...uh, we're not moving.
CHURCH:yeah, yeah, okay. (clears throat) here we go.
TUCKER:...we're still not moving.
CABOOSE:does talking count as moving?
TEX:(stepping forward) alright screw it. you guys get behind me, and stay tight.
TUCKER:bowchickabowwow.
TEX:never mind, tucker's in front.
TUCKER:eh, it was worth it.
SARGE:alright men. stay out of sight. we have to be prepared for anything.
GRIF:uh, why are we hiding from our own base?
SARGE:because, we have no idea what's inside.
SIMMONS:anything could have occupied the base after we jumped in to the future.
DONUT:oh my god! what if we're in there?
GRIF:yeah- no, wait. aren't we out here?
DONUT:i mean past versions of ourselves. we could go in there and meet ourselves. oh man, we'd be best friends we'd have so much in common. finally someone who shares the pain.
SIMMONS:donut, that's not how time travel works. we don't leave copies of ourselves behind, and even if we did they'd all be eight hundred years old. they'd all be dead by now.
DONUT:speak for yourself, i could live to be eight hundred. i'm on this awesome diet!
SARGE:still doing that high fat low fibre liquid diet where you drink nothing but bacon grease?
DONUT:nah, that was just a fad.
SARGE:what's the new one?
DONUT:i only eat foods that begin with vowels.
SIMMONS:that sounds really hard, what did you have for breakfast?
DONUT:eggs and oreos. and for lunch i'm having asparagus... and oreos.
GRIF:holy crap, i've been on that diet for years! i had no idea i was so healthy! i even cut out all the eggs! and i don't even know what asparagus is.
SARGE:alright men, stop your chatterboxin'. we've got to keep our eyes open for any sign of enemy activity.
SARGE:i can't have you not paying attention. you have to be alert!
SARGE:constant vigilance. composed, attentive!
SARGE:see? that's much better.
CHURCH:hey, why didn't you bring that glowing thing?
TUCKER:no way, i'd rather have a gun.
CHURCH:i've got a gun.
TUCKER:what're you gonna do, shoot it with ghost bullets?
CHURCH:okay yeah, that's a good point.
TUCKER:hey i'm casper, the friendly bullet.
TEX:(from below) hey, see anything?
TUCKER:nope!
CHURCH:you know, andy was here when i got attacked. maybe he knows something.
CHURCH:hey. andy. andy!
ANDY:hehehey, look who's back! the dickhead!
CHURCH:hey, up yours.
ANDY:back for another beatin'? it must be asskick-oclock!
CHURCH:where's that big alien thing?
ANDY:i don't know, last time i saw him he was halfway up your ass.
TEX:is this bomb giving you a hard time?
ANDY:i see you brought a girl with you. what're you gonna have a crying contest?
CHURCH:hey look, there's my body right there.
ALIEN:largh.
TUCKER:huh? there it is!
CHURCH:jesus run!
TEX:crap!
TUCKER:oh my god oh my god i hoped i'd die with the police on me!
CHURCH:run!
TUCKER:women and children last!
CHURCH:run run run run run run runn!
ANDY:heheh, what, you leavin' already? that's fuckin' hilarious!
TUCKER:ahhh run run run run run!
CABOOSE:did we win?
TUCKER:yeah caboose we won, this is our victory lap!
ANDY:hey come back in, i think you're tirin' him out!
SOME UNKNOWN ENTITY:(hysterical out of breath laughter) you're killing me! haha ha (cough)
SIMMONS:i'm telling you it was here. it drove by while you were talking. you had your back turned, and it went zoom right behind you!
DONUT:well it really sounded like ehhhhhhhhrchugachugachur-ah, my leg ah!
SIMMONS:that's not the important part of the story, donut!
SARGE:sure, simmons, i believe you. you saw an enormous tank that appeared miraculously, and then just as quickly disappeared. and you're the only one that can see it. just like signs of donut's heterosexuality.
SIMMONS:no i'm not, donut saw it!
DONUT:yeah.
SARGE:donut's impressionable. he'd agree with anything you said.
DONUT:yeah.
SARGE:aw hell, he'd eat a spoon full of dirt if you told him it tasted like chocolate.
DONUT:(gasp) that's not true!
SARGE:huhuh, so that's where you draw the line?
DONUT:no i mean it's not true that dirt tastes like chocolate, right? seriously, right?
SIMMONS:okay, grif saw it too. we all saw it.
GRIF:i don't know what you're talking about, i didn't see a damn thing.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:tank you say? i have no idea what you're talking about. i was too busy paying attention to our sargeant while he gave us our orders.
SIMMONS:oh really, well what did he say?
GRIF:something inspiring about beating the blues, and the base or the flag er, or something. i'm pretty sure he mentioned a pole cat too, i was getting a little emotional at the end.
SARGE:you see simmons? some soldiers know how to pay attention.
GRIF:wow, that might be the first time you've ever actually compli-
SARGE:shut up dirtbag.
SIMMONS:grif, you just told us two minutes ago that you saw it.
GRIF:hyeah, i know, but it's a lot more fun this way.
CHURCH:ugh, man i just cannot fuckin' stand the idea of my body laying in there.
ANDY:heh haeh, you never looked better!
CHURCH:hey shut up, andy! you know, we could have taken that alien out if i'd have hit him just a few more times.
TUCKER:a few more times? how about one time?
CHURCH:well i think i landed at least two or three shots.
TUCKER:yeah right.
TEX:you didn't hit anything but the wall.
CHURCH:how the hell would you know, you were runnin' straight backwards.
TEX:this is a long range weapon, okay? i need distance to use it effectively.
TUCKER:where were you planning on shooting him from, the fucking moon? if you'd have backed up any further you'd have had to mail him the bullets.
TEX:you know what? i work better alone. you ladies stay here, i'll be back in two minutes with that thing's head on a platter.
TUCKER:does it ever bother you that the most take-charge guy on our team is a girl?
CHURCH:not at all. as long as i get my body back i don't care if i'm a hero.
TUCKER:...
CABOOSE:...
CHURCH:what.
TUCKER:huh, well, church you're kind of a long way from "hero." wouldn't it have been better to say "i don't care if i'm a participant?" or maybe bystander?
CHURCH:shut up.
CABOOSE:or a decoy.
CHURCH:hey, caboose, don't help him okay?
TUCKER:hey she's going in, you guys think she can take him?
TEX:oh crap.
CHURCH:nope.
SIMMONS:come on donut, give someone else a turn!
DONUT:wait, wait, i wanna show you guys a bunny hop i'm workin' on. look! n- no wait, now, he- look, look- awh, oh man, i was totally doin' it earlier, why weren't you guys watching then?
SIMMONS:i need it to find the tank!
DONUT:wheeeee! woooooo! woohooo!
SARGE:grif. i wanna share something with you. and you can't let simmons know.
GRIF:whatever.
SARGE:i think that simmons has gone mad. it's probably some kind of time travel post traumatic repetitive stress syndrome. in scientific terms, he's developed cranial insanitosis. basically, he's gone bonkers.
SIMMONS:(over the radio) sarge, i'm not crazy, i really saw a tank.
SARGE:and apparently he's developed some kind of mutant telepathy power. clear your mind grif, he can hear your thoughts!
SIMMONS:no, you guys just left your mics on again. i keep telling you not to do that 'cause you're just wasting the batteries. oh and guess who rechar-
SARGE:clearly he's sabotaging us with his superior technology. grif, i need you to step up to the plate. you're my number 2 man now.
GRIF:does that mean more work?
SARGE:of course. you'll have to do simmons' regular duties on top of the responsibilities i normally entrust you with.
GRIF:so basically just simmons' duties then.
SARGE:right. luckily we still have donut, so no-one has to fill in his shoes. donut! combat situation!
DONUT:yes sir, i'm on it. whaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!! (continues screaming like a woman)
SARGE:what a pro. simmons, i mean grif! establish a perimeter!
GRIF:huh? what's that?
SARGE:make a border around us, and make sure no enemy crosses it.
GRIF:huh, that sounds like a lot of effort. can't i just go back to being number 3 again?
SARGE:number 3? whaddaya mean 'number 3?'
GRIF:oh right, donut. can i go back to being number 4 then?
SARGE:and lopez.
GRIF:fine. i'll be number 5, i don't care.
SARGE:i don't know, that o'malley guy can really work a rocket launcher.
GRIF:but he's the enemy!
SARGE:i'm not real particular. now get to work on that perimeter! bogey approaching!
SIMMONS:sir i really think we should be looking for that tank.
SARGE:hold on a minute. let's just take it easy there, private first class dick simmons.
SIMMONS:but i- hey, what? why did you use my full name?
SARGE:grif, what in sam hell are you doin'?
GRIF:i secured your perimeter sir. now i'm gonna go over to the chow hall and secure some oreos. i got a diet to keep up. break time! (starts running to the base)
SARGE:honeymoon's over, numbnuts! you're back down to number 7!
GRIF:oh yeah? well i saw the tank too!
TUCKER:maybe caboose should try talking to him.
CABOOSE:uhh, what would i say?
TUCKER:start with some common ground. like how you both killed church.
CABOOSE:mmm... good times.
CHURCH:you know i actually like that idea.
TEX:you do?
CHURCH:well think about it. while our ambassador here is either being a) eaten by the alien, or b) digested, by the alien, you and i can sneak back in and get our bodies.
CABOOSE:i would make an excellent ambidasdor, because i am very shy!
TUCKER:get away from me freak!
CHURCH:you know if that word's too hard to pronounce, you can just call yourself bait.
TEX:(at the top of the ramp) there's my body.
CHURCH:oh yeah, hey look, there's your body. heh heh heh huh, you really didn't make it very far, did you.
TEX:you know i wonder, ih if i killed a ghost, would it come back as a ghost of a ghost?
CHURCH:yeah that's a good point i'll... shut up now.
CABOOSE:hey andy. say, have you seeeeen, it's a big uh, slimy, like alien looking thing it's uhhh, it's shaped just kinda like that shadow that's on the ground next to you. oh.
SARGE:alright men. donut. since simmons has been demoted for reasons of dementia-
SIMMONS:the tank was real!
SARGE:and he's been ordered by the judge to stay at least two hundred yards away from us-
SIMMONS:oh come on, that wasn't a real judge, that was donut wearing a powdered wig!
DONUT:over- huhem, ahuhh, (in a deeper voice now) overruled. shame on you. hurr.
SARGE:we are now holding auditions for the permanent position of second in command, here at blood gulch outpost number one.
SIMMONS:what!?
SARGE:and since simmons is disqualified because of the afore mentioned cookooness, and since grif is ineligible-
GRIF:or because i don't wanna compete?
SARGE:because you're ineligible!
GRIF:no, i just don't want to compete.
SARGE:of course you don't, because you're ineligible!
GRIF:(sigh) whatever.
DONUT:i guess that means i get the job, because i'm unopposed, which is the same way i got "most likely to be fabulous" in high school.
SARGE:actually donut, i managed to find some other candidates for you to compete against.
DONUT:huh?
SARGE:we've located an old wrench used by lopez, and this skull of unknown origin. some dirt and a rock entered the preliminaries but they didn't make it to the semifinals. lazy bastards.
DONUT:hyes. you guys are goin' down. in yo face wrench, in yo face! take that, bonehead, ha ha ha, woo!
SARGE:you will be competing against each other in a series of gruelling events, in order to gain my attention. first up, the obstacle course, grif! get the alligators!
GRIF:i thought i was ineligible.
SARGE:to earn my respect, dirtbag. you're still perfectly capable of grunt work.
SIMMONS:oh man, i can't believe this. my life was going exactly as planned. i was second in command of a marginally successful unit, i had a superior officer who genuinely cared about me, i had the respect and admiration of all my peers. that was the dream! how did it all go so wrong? how! hahahahow!? maybe that stupid tank was just a figment of my imagination.
SHEILA:i don't think so.
SIMMONS:shut up, you ruined my life.
CABOOSE:i think i will call him crunchbite.
ANDY:eh, that's a stupid name.
CABOOSE:uh, well i think it's better than your suggestion. crouchosaurus?
CHURCH:caboose, who're you talkin' to- holy shit!
ALIEN:blargh!
CABOOSE:stop! he is my friend.
ALIEN:blargharg.
CABOOSE:he is not going to eat anybody.
ANDY:yeah, he thinks you guys stink too much to eat.
ALIEN:blargh.
TEX:he thinks we stink?
ALIEN:blargh blargh.
TEX:it smells like someone set a fish on fire in here.
ALIEN:largh?
CHURCH:caboose, what the fuck man, are you sure about this thing?
CABOOSE:absolutely, he has not tried to bite me, at all.
ALIEN:hnnk!
CABOOSE:since he bit me the first time.
ANDY:heheh yeah, that was hilarious.
CABOOSE:i think i might need a tetanus shot.
ALIEN:blargh blargh, largh hnnk blargh.
CHURCH:whoa, that thing's breath smells like infected cheese on a hotplate. (cough)
ALIEN:largh, blargh!
ANDY:i don't think he liked that.
TUCKER:whoa, man, what is that stench?
ALIEN:hargh.
TUCKER:is a skunk juggling dead hamsters in here?
ALIEN:largh.
TUCKER:it smells like old yogurt.
ALIEN:largh, whargh, wharharhrgh.
TUCKER:did you eat and then throw up a can of trash?
ALIEN:hnnk!
CABOOSE:that's exactly what he said right before he bit me.
ALIEN:largher, hnnk! hrarhrh.
TEX:you understand what he's saying?
ALIEN:largh... (etc, just kinda keeps going in the background)
CHURCH:whey hey wait, i think i'm hearing a pattern here. i think that blarghs come after honks. or, vice versa.
CABOOSE:i think, i think blargh means, me, or, apples. guys, apples must be the name of his cat! quick, quick, is- is apples stuck in a tree? i will call the fire department.
CHURCH:mister huge alien, do you understand what we are saying?
ALIEN:wharrrgh!
CHURCH:i have no idea if that means yes or no.
CABOOSE:totally blows away your vica versa theory. sorry.
TUCKER:you two are retarded. you're not gonna be able to figure out alien language by experimentation, give it up.
CHURCH:you don't know that!
TUCKER:you don't even know how they talk. what if their language isn't entirely verbal? it could be part telepathic, or via smells. whoh.
CHURCH:well if it's via smells then you should be fluent in the language already. jackass.
ALIEN:hnnk!
CHURCH:oh shut up, you're not helping.
CABOOSE:wait! i think tucker might be right. i think he might be saying things telepathically. i just heard something in my head!
CHURCH:what? what was it?
CABOOSE:it was a voice, saying, "blargh blargh blargh honk."
CHURCH:that wasn't in your head caboose, he just said that. you're just so dumb you're lagged a few seconds behind us. by the time your brain figures out what it's heard, it feels like it's already happened.
CABOOSE:...
ALIEN:...
CABOOSE:... that's not true. wait! i hear something else in my head! it must be apples, trying to communicate with me! quick, tucker, get a ladder!
SARGE:alright dirtbags, after the third round of the competition, it's still anyone's contest.
DONUT:yeahah, burn wrench, anyone includes me! hahah.
SARGE:donut was leading after the obstacle course, and talent contest.
DONUT:awesome. whodihoo!
SARGE:but then the mysterious skull pulled ahead during the question and answer session.
DONUT:that doesn't seem physically possible.
SARGE:so the standings are the skull, donut, and in third the wrench. which is the current crowd favourite.
WARTHOG:(beep beep beep)
GRIF:haha, maybe the skull will be your new sidekick. hey sarge, how can i kiss your ass if i don't have any lips?
SARGE:and in last place grif.
GRIF:what? i thought i was ineligible.
SARGE:ineligible to win, dead man. luckily there's no chance of that happening since the last round is the evening-wear competition.
DONUT:whohoa, you're in trouble now skull.
GRIF:then can i quit?
SARGE:course not, only eligible contestants can withdraw from the competition.
GRIF:(sigh)
SARGE:i guess you'll just have to settle for fifth place turdbelly.
GRIF:fifth place? should i even ask who's in fourth?
SARGE:i'm reserving fourth place for any late entries, who would obviously be better than you. such as a turd, or a turd farmer.
CHURCH:hey gary, is there any way that you could translate what this big alien is saying to us?
GARY: no
CHURCH:aw come on man, isn't this one of the aliens that built you?
GARY: yes, but i do not know much about those creatures. i was only programmed with knowledge of the shisnos. i mean you.
CHURCH:yeah listen man, that word is really startin' to bug me a little bit.
GARY: you did not even know what it meant until i told you.
CHURCH:i know but you just say it so much.
GARY: i only say shisno in context. like when talking to a shisno or about a shisno. i think i see what you mean shisno.
CHURCH:so you'll stop.
GARY: inter-species prejudices take a long time to overcome. but i will try.
CHURCH:thanks.
GARY: luckily, i am not lazy like a shisno.
CHURCH:yeah it's pretty clear you mean to give this your best effort.
GARY: i think the important thing is that i am trying.
TUCKER:okay. church, is trying to get a translator. so that we can talk to each other.
CHURCH:tucker, the enormous alien doesn't speak our language, speaking slowly is not gonna help.
TUCKER:what? i'm talking to caboose.
CHURCH:oh.
CABOOSE:i don't understand. are- are- are you hungary? tucker are you hungary? are you cold?
TUCKER:what? no.
CABOOSE:do you need a blanket? tucker, do you want some hot dogs in a blanket?
TUCKER:dammit no, caboose i'm not cold, i don't want a hot dog, and if you put mustard in my fucking sheets again i'm gonna kill you.
CABOOSE:okay gargantuan alien, now that we have decided to keep you, you need a real name. i vote for fluffy.
TUCKER:fluffy?
CABOOSE:fluffy! the alien that only loves!
TUCKER:he's got to have a name. why don't we just ask him? hey alien dude, what's your name? name. i am tucker. this is church. that's bitch-pants mccrabby.
TEX:hey!
TUCKER:well that's what we call you.
CABOOSE:not me, i call you mrs. mccrabby.
TEX:thanks.
CHURCH:what, is your name?
ALIEN:hernk hurnk.
CHURCH:your name.
ALIEN:hernk hurnk.
CHURCH:nayymuh.
TUCKER:just keep repeating it church, i'm sure he'll come up with the right definition on his own.
CHURCH:he is tucker. tucker. you are?
ALIEN:hernk hurnk.
CHURCH:no no. no. not "honk honk." name.
ALIEN:hernk hurnk.
CHURCH:okay, i give up, all this guy says is honk honk.
TEX:well have you ever considered the fact that his name is honk honk?
ALIEN:glwargh?
TUCKER:do you have any idea how stupid that sounds?
CHURCH:hyeah, i mean seriously, what kind of name is honk honk?
ALIEN:glwargh?
CHURCH:hey, big alien, is your name honk honk?
ALIEN:lwargh.
CHURCH:hey wait a second, i think blarg means yes. alien, does blarg mean yes?
ALIEN:blarg.
CHURCH:holy shit! blarg means yes, he just said yes blarg means yes. i speak alien!
TEX:yeah, unless blarg means no. in which case, he just said no, blarg does not mean yes.
CHURCH:what, no way. hey alien, am i right?
ALIEN:blarg.
CHURCH:haha, see? the fuck do you know.
SARGE:after the final tabulations, we've declared a winner! grif, the envelope please.
GRIF:envelope? we don't have any envelopes, this is the army.
SARGE:donut's the winner.
DONUT:hoh, yes!
SIMMONS:well, my life's officially over. time to go kill myself.
SHEILA:wait for me!
SIMMONS:look, no offense imaginary tank, but i don't believe in you. you're just a product of my imagination.
SHEILA:actually, i'm a product of the military contractor that made the lowest bid. i'm a little ashamed of that.
SIMMONS:well leave me alone, i can't have some imaginary tank ruining my excellent reputation. now if you'll excuse me, i need to go dig a hole to live in.
SIMMONS:(sigh) i wish grif was here. i could convince him there was food in the ground, then he would dig half the hole for me. or, maybe a third of a hole. then he'd use the shovel to eat oatmeal. on second thought i don't wish grif was here.
SHEILA:you can live with me.
SIMMONS:just ignore it, it's not real.
SHEILA:i have my own base. in fact, i've made lots of renovations since you all left. see?
SIMMONS:hey, that's the old blue base.
SHEILA:yes! i was sent to guard it from something. i can't really remember what... some of my memory banks have failed over the years. do you remember what the blues were fighting?
SIMMONS:uuuuuuh i think it was pirates.
SHEILA:are you sure? i think it was another army. i think they were a different colour.
SIMMONS:no, it was definitely pirates.
SHEILA:that doesn't sound right.
SIMMONS:yeah, pirates. and, i think there were some ninjas that were working with them.
SHEILA:neaw, i don't think so.
SIMMONS:and i think they had travelled, from another planet.
SHEILA:incorrect.
SIMMONS:i think it was called cowboyland.
SHEILA:negative.
SIMMONS:and they were here to rustle up some cattle.
SHEILA:no.
SIMMONS:but the blues were gonna stop'em.
SHEILA:naw.
SIMMONS:no wait- monkeys. monkey pirates.
SHEILA:nope.
SIMMONS:from ...uranus.
SHEILA:my logical data analysis sector indicates that would be highly unlikely. and my bullshit meter agrees.
TUCKER:church! chuu-urch, hey church!
CHURCH:i'm right behind you dumbass.
TUCKER:oh. hey church, do you have a knife?
CHURCH:no. that's a weapon dude, ask tex.
TUCKER:she said she had something to take care of. girl stuff i think.
CHURCH:huh? like what?
TUCKER:hai don't know, i stopped asking questions at 'girl stuff'.
CHURCH:what're you two guys doin'?
TUCKER:we're gonna teach the alien how to speak english.
CHURCH:how're you gonna do that?
TUCKER:people learn english all the time, it aren't that hard.
CHURCH:maybe you should try learning his language.
TUCKER:fuck that, we got here first, and that makes this a colony. those're the rules, dude. earth colony, earth language.
CHURCH:tucker there's thousands of languages spoken on earth.
TUCKER:hyeah, but only one that kicks ass. and that's the one we're teaching. english 101, remedial kick-ass.
CHURCH:alright, there is no way this is gonna work.
TUCKER:yeah it is, we got visual aids and everything.
CHURCH:where the hell'd you get those?
TUCKER:we made 'em. turns out caboose's gun didn't have any bullets- it was loaded with crayons. i just need to cut one of these things, you have a pocket knife?
CHURCH:hey if you need to cut something, why don't you just use that big sword o' yours?
TUCKER:oh right. duh.
ALIEN:whargh? (sees tucker holding the sword) rhurrrrrrrgh!
TUCKER:ahh, what the fuck!?
CHURCH:whoa! mahan, tucker, that thing either really hates that sword, or really hates you.
TUCKER:aaaaaaaah, get this fucking thing off me!
CHURCH:heh wait a second tucker, this might be a good chance for us to evaluate how these things fight.
TUCKER:ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow...
CHURCH:now hold still. for science.
TUCKER:not the face, not the face!
SIMMONS:sarge, can you hear me, sarge, come in. sarge, sarge do you read me, this is simmons, come in.
DONUT:hello, red army hq. we don't stop until every blue is dead.
SIMMONS:donut, let me talk to sarge.
DONUT:for help in english, press or say 1.
SIMMONS:one.
DONUT:para espaol, marque nmero dos.
SIMMONS:one. wuuunnnnah. wu- god dammit. (presses one on the keypad)
DONUT:for unconfirmed dutch-irish, press one two too, as in also.
SIMMONS:donut!
DONUT:oh, hey simmons, what's up?
SIMMONS:donut, put sarge on.
DONUT:oooh, yeah, sarge is reeeally busy. things have really picked up since you left, uhh...
SARGE:donut, i'm not here.
DONUT:leh, luh, let me see, do you mind if i put you on hold?
SARGE:just take a message.
SIMMONS:donut stop screening my calls!
DONUT:sorry simmons, sarge isn't available at the moment. i'll tell you what i can ask him to call you back but, it's really better if you have an appointment.
SIMMONS:oh for the love of god i can hear him, donut. would you just tell him that i've captured the blue base and- ...and taken possession of their tank.
DONUT:right right, simmons...
SARGE:tell him you've got call waiting.
DONUT:blue-
SARGE:no no-
DONUT:base-
SARGE:you're going through a tunnel!
DONUT:taaaaaaaaaaank. tank.
SIMMONS:are you really writing this down?
DONUT:look i have to go, we have a conference call with grif in five minutes. he's pitching ideas for how to use your rations. gotta run! if anything comes up, we'll call you. and simmons?
SIMMONS:what...
DONUT:this job is the best! i can't believe you quit! (turns off the radio)
SIMMONS:... ... ... that's it, i'm gonna kill 'em all. hey sheila, lock and load! we got somewhere to go!
TUCKER:ow. ow. ow. ow.
TEX:alright bomb, we need to talk.
ANDY:heh hehhh heh heh heh, talk about what, butch? workin' on cars, and pickin' up chicks?
TEX:excuse me, is that any way to talk to a lady?
ANDY:a lady, who're you kiddin'? i bet you got more balls than a roman candle.
TEX:uhhh, i knew this was a bad idea.
ANDY:hey tex, why you got black armor, couldn't find any in flannel?
TEX:listen jackass-
ANDY:flannel!
TEX:i put you together, i can take you apart.
ANDY:hey whaddaya mean?
TEX:bombs, come with remote detonators dumbass. and any time i want, i can just hit a button and you're just a memory. a very annoying, very insulting memory, but none-the-less, a memory.
ANDY:i think you're bluffin'. ...dike.
TEX:okay, strike two.
ANDY:alright. whaddaya want?
TEX:well, when i built you, i used parts from an old protocol robot.
ANDY:yeah, sure, and you also used parts from some of your more personal devices.
TEX:whoa- okay, can you use those protocol parts and translate what this alien thing is saying?
ANDY:of course! but what's in it for me?
TEX:let's put it this way. you don't push my buttons, and i, don't push yours.
ANDY:alright, fine. but i'm not translating any of that touchy-feely crap!
TEX:deal. come on. (starts walking, then turns around) well are you coming?
ANDY:what'm i gonna do, roll there? pick me up ya dumb bitch!
TEX:great, i can tell this is starting off well.
ANDY:hey, tex. i bet you haven't had your hands on a ball this big since your morning scratch! ahahahahaheh, ahehahe-
ANDY:heyy, aw come on, tex, baby, where ya goin', it's just a joke between the two of us guys, come on! laugh it off big guy, laugh it off! haha, hey tex, when you walk away i can see where ya tucked it! haha!
CHURCH:you have got to be kidding me. there is no way i'm gonna let this happen.
TEX:i told you, he can do it.
ANDY:yeah, i'm qualified.
CHURCH:listen i don't doubt, that he can do it. i doubt that i want him to do it.
ANDY:why?
CHURCH:well you know what andy? you're not exactly the most diplomatic of individuals.
ANDY:that's bullshit! you're only saying that 'cause you're a racist.
CHURCH:racist- bombs are not a race!
ANDY:eh, shut up ya dirty shisno.
CHURCH:we finally make contact with an alien being, and our first attempt at communication is gonna be through a bomb? am i the only person who has a problem with this?
ANDY:well unless you've got your english to blarg-blarg dictionary, i don't think you got a choice, now do ya.
CABOOSE:i had one of those, but i threw it out. it didn't have many pictures.
TEX:i'm sure this'll be fine.
CHURCH:you know i feel that i'm gonna regret this, but i feel even more that i just don't care, and that watching this whole thing unravel might be kinda interesting. go for it.
TEX:alright, where's the alien?
CHURCH:oh shit, i forgot.
TUCKER:(with each strike, as if bored) ow, ow, ow...
DONUT:grif. oh griiiiiiiif... ...grif!
GRIF:huh, great.
DONUT:there you are, where've you been?
GRIF:right here.
DONUT:i've been lookin' all over for you. i looked in the base, i looked around the base, i looked on top of the base, i looked in the base again-
GRIF:i think you need to learn what "all over" means.
DONUT:anyway, sarge wants you to come back to the base, and-
GRIF:no, i'm not going to do it.
DONUT:no? but i didn't tell you what he wants.
GRIF:donut it's sarge. i know he doesn't want me to come in to the base to help him eat ice cream, he wants me to do stuff. work stuff.
DONUT:but-
GRIF:listen donut, i know you're ridin' high on your new promotion right now, but don't think you can order me around. me and simmons we had a system. he didn't try to tell me what to do, and i didn't ignore him.
DONUT:wait you ignored him all the time.
GRIF:i'm sorry, wha i wasn't listening to you. see, the system works. learn the system donut.
SIMMONS:look at those jerks. they don't know how good they have it. alright sheila, remember the plan. we don't wanna hurt them, i just wanna make them totally jealous for kicking me out. how does my armor look, am i all blue?
SHEILA:yes!
SIMMONS:okay, let's start operation blue with envy. you know 'cause normally it's green, but i'm gon- i'm blue, but it doesn't make any sense to say y- you know. attack! (loudly so grif can hear) hey sheila, you know what's great? being on blue team, it's so awesome. way more awesome than being on that ol' red team. anyone can be on red team where you have to share a base, on blue team, i get my own base.
GRIF:is that simmons? hey simmons, why are you painted blue!? have you finally lost it!?
SIMMONS:this isn't working, they don't care. sheila just shoot at them.
SHEILA:firing main cannon. (fires)
DONUT:i did my best sarge, but grif said he wouldn't come help.
SARGE:son of a ben 'n' jerry, who's gonna help me eat all this ice cream we found?
DONUT:aaaahh, we're under attack!
SHEILA:target locked.
SARGE:donut, you formulate a retaliation strategy. i'll secure the rum raisin.
TUCKER:oh-hohohoh, man. i'm gonna die.
ALIEN:blargh arg-honk, largh, lwargh.
CABOOSE:what's he saying now andy?
ANDY:look guy, if you want me to translate for ya, you can't keep asking me every four seconds, what's he sayin' now andy, what's he sayin' now? i'm gonna tell you what he's sayin', that's my freakin' job!
CABOOSE:that's what he said? that's a weird thing to say. uh, tell him i said okay, i will not ask any, more of uh... that and also, no.
CHURCH:i think i need a translator just for caboose.
ALIEN:wuarrrrgh!
ANDY:okay basically he's uh, he says he's pissed off.
CHURCH:oh rea- yea- no kidding. tex, are we paying for this service?
TEX:just give him a chance.
ALIEN:blargh, largh, wahublargh.
ANDY:he says he came to claim some type of thing, and that the teal one took the thing...
ALIEN:blarg blaargh.
ANDY:and that now the thing is gone.
TUCKER:who's the teal one?
TEX:you are, idiot.
TUCKER:no way, i'm aqua. teal's out.
CHURCH:that thing that he's talkin' about must be that sword, and it's not broken it's right there.
ALIEN:argh blargh!
ANDY:he says it only works with the hero who passes the trial of the windmill, and retrieves it from his resting place. for everyone else, it might as well be broken.
TEX:uh oh.
TUCKER:trial? please, i fell in a hole, that's not a trial. i'm startin' to like this culture though, any dude who trips is a hero. i'm pretty sure that makes caboose god.
CHURCH:this all sounds like bullshit to me.
TEX:no he's right. it didn't work for me, remember?
CHURCH:of course it didn't work for you, you're a girl. mean you can't even work the entertainment center back at the base. doesn't mean the remote control is mythically attached to us.
TEX:alright then you little smartass, you pick it up and try it.
ALIEN:hur hur hur hur.
CHURCH:nah, i'll take his word for it.
ALIEN:blargh blurg blabu blarg.
ANDY:and now you gotta go with him, to fulfill the prophecy.
TUCKER:fuck you.
ALIEN:blar blarg blargh, hnnk hnnk.
ANDY:heh heh heh, good one. uh oh yeah, he... he's not too thrilled about it either.
TUCKER:see i knew this was a bad idea. sorry to fuck up your quest, dude, but i'm not goin'.
ANDY:aaand if you don't go, he'll destroy the base, and kill everybody here.
CHURCH:...alright well have fun guys.
TEX:hey a quest sounds fun, come on tucker!
ANDY:aheh, i think he should stay here, 'cause, i like that killin' everybody option.
ALIEN:blargh blargh blargh, blargh.
ANDY:then after we cross the burning plaine of honka hill, we're gonna reach the freezing plains of blarganthia.
CABOOSE:the burning plains are next to the freezing plains? i bet there's some pretty wet plains in between.
TUCKER:this is so dumb, i'm not doing this.
CHURCH:hey, news flash, you don't have a choice. you're the one that picked up the sword and locked it to yourself
TUCKER:i know! and i'm so used to picking up things, and not letting them get attached. ...i'm talkin' about women.
CHURCH:i know, yes, i got it.
TEX:don't worry tucker, we're not gonna send you alone.
TUCKER:you're coming with me tex?
TEX:me? hell no! this is the first thing you wimps have done that actually sounds dangerous.
TUCKER:well i'm not goin' with church, that guy's a worse fighter than i am.
CHURCH:well you're in luck then, because i'm not goin' either.
TUCKER:what? then who?
CABOOSE:...
TUCKER:no fuckin' way. i'm not goin' with him.
CABOOSE:oh, oh, oh, i hope we meet a cleric along the way. none of us knows how to heal.
ALIEN:blarhun?
ANDY:he says he's a healer.
CABOOSE:oh good.
ANDY:heh heh, not really, they eat their wounded. heh heh heh.
CABOOSE:just like chiropractors.
TUCKER:this is a joke, right, you're sending caboose? what's wrong with you?
CHURCH:what's wrong with me? i saw a chance to get rid of caboose and i took it. there's nothin' wrong with me.
CABOOSE:okay, so, um, tucker is a fighter, uh, crunchbite is the healer, and i am the powerful... and intelligent, wizard. morphumax.
ANDY:what the hell does that make me?
CABOOSE:you're the good looking and stealthy archer.
ANDY:a bow and arrow- i don't have any arms, you freakin' moron!
CABOOSE:that is what makes you so stealthy. this is going to be the best party ever.
TUCKER:i'm gonna fuckin' die.
CHURCH:hyeah i guess this is it tuckeher. nice knowin' ya.
TUCKER:hoh, you better hope that i don't die, 'cause if i do, you're the one taking care of my kids.
CHURCH:you have kids?
TUCKER:heheh probably.
SHEILA:firing main cannon.
SIMMONS:yeahah, take that. suck it blue- i mean red! suck it blue-uh damn! red! god, this is harder than i thought.
GRIF:hey simmons, what the hell are you doing?
SIMMONS:what does it look like i'm doing, i'm attacking the blue base. i mean the red base, fuck!
DONUT:defense is established sarge!
DONUT:cancel that sarge, defenses are destroyed.
GRIF:killing our own team huh, that's cool. hey listen, how long do you expect this whole crazy thing to last?
SIMMONS:i'm not crazy grif, you just wouldn't listen to me when i said there was a tank.
GRIF:i listened to you.
SIMMONS:you told sarge that there wasn't a tank. there it is, it's a tank!
GRIF:oh, you said listen to you, not agree with you. yeah, i thought that joke was pretty funny, but now donut's my manager and, everything kinda sucks now.
SIMMONS:well too bad, 'cause this is what you get now you dumb blue bitch. red bitch, fuck, you know what i mean!
SHEILA:firing main cannon.
SARGE:great sodium chloride, there goes my chemistry set.
GRIF:i don't think killing sarge is much of a punishment for me. just come back to the base man. i'll let you boss me around again.
SIMMONS:i don't know, i think you're just telling me what i wanna hear.
GRIF:i am, see, it's just like old times! come on buddy.
SIMMONS:will you help me clean my armor?
GRIF:how 'bout i promise to help you clean it, but then just convince donut to do it later?
SIMMONS:hah, good ol' grif.
SARGE:simmons, is that you?
SIMMONS:yeah sarge, but don't worry. we got-
SARGE:simmons, i can understand your going crazy and seein' imaginary tanks!
SIMMONS:the tank is right there for the love of god.
SARGE:and i can obviously understand why you'd wanna attack your own base.
SIMMONS:you can?
SARGE:but painting yourself blue? dear god man, doncha have any shame at all?
GRIF:hey sarge, you should also note that he missed a coupla spots.
SARGE:grif, what in sam hell are you doin' out there? at least simmons has the intelligence to formulate a mutinous plan!
SIMMONS:thank you sir. i mean suck it blue! god dammit, i mean red.
SARGE:but you're a slothful idiot! treason takes effort. i never expected this from you.
GRIF:aoh up yours.
SARGE:what was that?
GRIF:up yours sir.
SARGE:that's better!
CHURCH:well, good luck guys. don't forget to change your underwear at least once a day. tucker, that goes double for you.
TUCKER:what? i'm the cleanest guy here.
CHURCH:no, it goes double for you because now you're in charge of changing caboose as well.
TUCKER:i hate you.
ALIEN:blorgh!
ANDY:he doesn't wear any pants.
TUCKER:yeah, we noticed. if we meet anybody on this adventure, that might have to change.
ANDY:why, we're used to being naked. free-ballin', come on! commando.
TUCKER:let me just put it this way; i felt less threatened when tex was staring at just the sword.
TEX:huh what- oh, fyeuh uhm, yeah, uh- i was just admiring his, his alien, muscle structure.
TUCKER:yeah one particular part of his muscle structure.
TEX:well that's just a matter of penis- i mean uh, opinion, opinion, that's, that's it.
CHURCH:smooth.
CABOOSE:you told me it was another arm.
ALIEN:bluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurgh!
ANDY:hey caboose- high five!
CABOOSE:i don't want to do that any more.
CHURCH:tucker come here, i want to talk to you for a second. listen, just drop off this weapon, and get back to blue base as fast as you can.
TUCKER:what if i have to kill stuff dude? i'm a lover, not a fighter.
CHURCH:hey now tucker i'm the same way. that's why we get along so well. we're both just a couple of lovers.
TUCKER:...that sounded kinda gay dude.
CHURCH:yeah it did. uhm... i feel obligated to say something encouraging as your boss.
TUCKER:our captain died. you're just the guy pretending to be my boss.
CHURCH:we, you know in our given situation technically you could be seen as one of my employees.
TUCKER:except that i'm not.
CHURCH:echch, whatever! listen, i just, as, as someone in an employee/manager relationship-
TUCKER:which doesn't exist.
CHURCH:heuhhhhhhh...
TUCKER:why did you pull me aside again?
CHURCH:you know i'm sure it was to say something inspiring or, something but now i, just don't care.
TUCKER:i'ma go man.
ALIEN:huuuuur!
ANDY:hey lady! come on, hustle up! if you gotta use the bathroom, do it now 'cause i'm not pullin' over.
CHURCH:you know i have to say i'm a little surprised that you're not goin' with them.
TEX:why? quests are dangerous.
CHURCH:yeah but they usually have some kind of big reward at the end you know like some, big treasure chest or, an entire room filled with gold and art. it's not really like you to pass up on something like that tex. ...tex? ...you're gone, aren't you. ...huhhh, i really shoulda seen that coming.
SARGE:well, this is a tough one. simmons appears to have captured grif. which means we're down a man. and now that man has taken grif prisoner. so does that make us even? what's one plus a turd? dammit only grif can screw up math!
SIMMONS:hurry up grif.
GRIF:you know simmons, you don't make a very good hostage taker. my last prisoner experience was much cooler.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:you haven't even yelled at me one time.
SIMMONS:you're doing everything right. i think yelling should be reserved for only the most critical of situations. like when someone drinks milk out of the carton!
GRIF:come on simmons i'm a prisoner. you should be jabbing me in the back with your gun and saying get moving scum!
SIMMONS:(jabs him in the back with his gun) get going!
GRIF:louder!
SIMMONS:(jabs him again) i said move!
GRIF:yeaheaheah, that's it!
SIMMONS:(jabs him again) move it soldier!
GRIF:okay, seriously? that hurts.
GRIF:man, these guys really like blue lights. i mean, i know this is blue base and all but come on, you don't have to beat us over the head with it.
SIMMONS:get in the hole.
GRIF:you have a hole? whoa, now that's cool. i take back everything i said, this is much creepier than my last time in the joint.
SIMMONS:(hits him) move!
GRIF:dude, if you keep doin' that, this is gonna get old quick.
SIMMONS:i said in the hole! (hits him and he falls in the hole)
GRIF:ow!
SIMMONS:who's the bad hostage taker now bitch!
GRIF:(materializing behind him) um, i think i found a design flaw in your hole.
SIMMONS:what? get back in there! (hits him)
GRIF:woohoo! look who's back.
SIMMONS:god this sucks.
GRIF:seriously dude, you have to try the hole. it's really fun.
SIMMONS:ugh, what're you doing? get back down in there. (hits him)
GRIF:wheee! look i came out backwards this time!
SIMMONS:you're supposed to s- you're the prisoner, stay down there.
ANDY:hey, he's been explaining to me everything we should encounter. the legend's pretty old, but the details are pretty clear.
TUCKER:listen dude, i don't care what you say, i'm not killing any monsters.
ANDY:hey, don't interrupt! it's hard enough to translate without yo-
TUCKER:oh well if this little quest depends on me killing stuff, we might as well just stop here.
ANDY:eh, don't be a chicken.
TUCKER:i'm not chicken. i'm just... okay, i'm chicken.
ALIEN:blarh? b-blar blarg.
ANDY:blargy blarg, blarg, blarg honk.
ALIEN:wharg hnnk!
TUCKER:what's he saying?
ANDY:he wanted to know what a chicken is. i told him it's this nasty little bird that humans eat. and you also eat the white things that shoot out of its butt.
TUCKER:you know you could have cleaned that up a little bit.
ANDY:i did! they don't come out of its butt you know.
ALIEN:hargh!
ANDY:heh yeah, they're pretty disgusting.
TUCKER:chickens aren't that bad.
ANDY:he was talkin' about you guys. he's not a big fan. i'm not either.
ALIEN:hrnk.
ANDY:earth sucks.
TUCKER:hsh, earth does not suck, earth rules. we invented the telephone.
ALIEN:arg l largh.
ANDY:he says they invented the telephone too. and they did it a thousand years before you did.
TUCKER:oh, well what'd they have to say on it, "blarg blarg honk honk?" who the fuck wants to hear that?
ALIEN:blarg honk.
ANDY:okay. these are the great burning plains we talked about.
CABOOSE:they don't look burning... they look burnt. hey, i recognize this place.
ANDY:get ready. he's gonna distract the monster, and you use your heroic powers to swoop in-
TUCKER:heroic powers?
ANDY:yeah. you're the big hero from that prophecy, ain't cha?
TUCKER:oh right. boy are you guys gonna be disappointed. (draws the sword)
ANDY:and don't forget, go for the weak spot in the armor.
TUCKER:yeah, and where was that again?
ANDY:we already went over this!
TUCKER:apparently paying attention to lame biology lesons isn't one of my superpowers.
ALIEN:blargh!
ANDY:be quiet!
ALIEN:argh!!
ANDY:get down!
ALIEN:(quietly) warg, warg arg. warg, larg!
ANDY:he just wants a moment's peace before the plan fails and we all get killed.
ALIEN:whrrrrrrrrrrrg!
ANDY:oh, sorry... i wasn't supposed to translate that last part. yuh, he says, yuh don't worry, everything will be fine. ...stick to the plan.
CABOOSE:okay. are we adding "get killed" to the end of the plan?
ALIEN:wlarg!
ANDY:go!
ALIEN:wurg!
ANDY:what happened?
TUCKER:to what?
ANDY:the big monster. it's dead, look!
TUCKER:that thing? you gotta be kidding me.
ANDY:you guys were here already?
CABOOSE:yes. uh, before now.
TUCKER:that's what already means, caboose.
CABOOSE:ohhh, then just yes.
ALIEN:whar, war.
ANDY:you already killed the monster?
TUCKER:dude, that's a cow skull. i kill about ten of those things every time i eat lunch.
DONUT:how's it going sarge?
SARGE:well, simmons has had grif prisoner in there for far too long. he's probably subjecting him to all manner of unbearable torture. i figure in just a matter of hours, grif's spirit will be as broken as his body, unable to cope with the never ending stimulation of pain and horror. ...but in answer to your question things are fine! could be a little warmer, but i can't complain.
DONUT:but sarge, aren't you afraid he'll give away valuable information?
SARGE:why would simmons give grif information?
DONUT:no, i mean what if grif tells simmons valuable information about our operations.
SARGE:...
DONUT:yeah, that sounded smarter before i said it.
SARGE:i bet.
DONUT:speaking of operations though, remember how i told you i wanted to incorporate more positive reinforcement techniques in review sessions?
SARGE:donut, for the last time, me calling you a worthless turd is not a review session!
DONUT:and remember how you said any proposals had to be submitted in hand-written triplicate, with no less than one hundred pages?
SARGE:yes, which would take weeks. ...you're finished, aren't you.
DONUT:only if calligraphy's okay, and i dotted all the i's, with hearts. heeheehee! heeehee!
SARGE:ghuh...
DONUT:let me just give you a little teaser on some of the changes. think "mauve"...
SARGE:aw, donut!
DONUT:what, you don't like it? mauve is a form of red.
SARGE:noh, it's not that. i just realized that my only way out of this situation, is to launch a rescue mission to save grif! i've got me one of them... uh, donut, what's a fancy word for choosin' between two things you don't wanna do?
DONUT:uh, conundrum? ...dilemma. ...a threesome with cheerleaders?
SARGE:i'm gonna go with conundrum.
DONUT:if you don't like the plants idea, how do ya feel about a fountain in the armory? that place is so gloomy.
SARGE:come on, donut, give it a rest already. i agreed to let you use grif's helmet as a decorative bird bath, didn't i? don't oversell.
DONUT:okay, but i have just one more idea. i'm gonna say two words, and then walk away. chantilly, lace.
SARGE:unless you're about to start singin' a big bopper song, i think the best part of that idea is the walkin' away.
DONUT:let it simmer.
SARGE:hmm, no sign of any defenses. i think we might be catching simmons at a weak moment.
DONUT:hmm, no sign of the tank either.
SARGE:dear god, the madness is spreading! it's only a matter of time before it takes me!
GRIF:wheeeeeeeee!
DONUT:did you hear that? it sounds like they're having fun in there.
SARGE:clearly grif has become so stupid, he's mixed up the yells for pain and happiness! simmons must be doing absolutely diabolical things to him! let's give him a few more hours, see if he escapes on his own.
GRIF:simmons i am having a blast going in and out of your hole!
SIMMONS:grif just stay down there like you're told.
DONUT:well that's my cue, let's go!
SIMMONS:grif, stop it i need your help.
GRIF:(still going in and out of the hole) go ahead, i'm listening.
SIMMONS:would you stop riding that stupid grav lift?
GRIF:i can do both at once. and why don't we have one of these things?
SIMMONS:the tank's been making upgrades to the base over the last few hundred years.
GRIF:how did it do that without any tools? ...or arms?
SIMMONS:i don't know, a lot of what she says doesn't match up. i think she might be lying to me.
GRIF:you think the enemy's weapons are lying to us? what a surprise!
SIMMONS:it seems like a setup, i just can't figure out how.
GRIF:(getting punched or something) ow!
SIMMONS:i don't know, if i can piece it together maybe that'll help fix things with- sarge!?
SARGE:hello, simmons.
SIMMONS:where's grif?
SARGE:well this here's a rescue operation. he's unconscious down below, being prepped for evac.
SIMMONS:if it's a rescue operation, why did you knock him out?
SARGE:well, all work and no play, you know, heh heh heh.
SIMMONS:that's dumb.
SARGE:i think you know the proper procedure for submitting complaints, simmons.
SIMMONS:heugh, i'll get my calligraphy pens.
SARGE:don't bother. i think you also know how we treat traitors on red team!
SIMMONS:i'm guessing you're not cocking that gun to give me a one gun salute in honor of my new promotion.
SARGE:i don't think so. simmons, just remember, this hurts me more than it hurts you.
SIMMONS:i seriously doubt that, sir.
SARGE:well, it hurts me almost as much as it hurts you.
SIMMONS:i don't buy that either.
SARGE:well i am the one who has to clean the shotgun later, and those solvents smell so-
CHURCH:booya!
SARGE:geegagawboh!
SIMMONS:ooh, the back of your head.
CHURCH:well that was close. i've always wanted to say "booya" too, that was awesome. ...booyeah.
SIMMONS:where the hell'd you come from?
CHURCH:huh? oh, you must be one of the new blues that took over our base after we left. listen, don't be afraid, but i'm from the past.
SIMMONS:why would i be afraid of someone from the past? people from the future are scary. people from the past are savages and idiots.
SARGE:whaoweaugh, what the, who hit me?
SIMMONS:hurry, quick, before he wakes up, help me get this guy in the hole.
CHURCH:we have a hole? that's kickass!
ANDY:alright. this, is the great swamp. we can rest here a while before we move on.
TUCKER:yeah, let's rest in a swamp, that makes sense.
ANDY:save your energy tucker, you're gonna need it.
TUCKER:aw screw that. so far this quest is a fuckin' breeze. i've already killed a dead monster. what's next, we gonna open an unlocked door? rescue a princess from herself?
ANDY:hey caboose. what's wrong?
CABOOSE:i think something is following us.
ANDY:yeah. it's been on us since we left. part of the prophecy talks about something evil that tries to take the great weapon.
TUCKER:you mean my awesome dead monster killing weapon? it can have it.
ANDY:it's attracted to it. it can't live without it.
TUCKER:that doesn't sound good. hey caboose, come here and hold my sword.
ANDY:it's okay, we got a plan. we can make camp, and then we'll tell ya about it.
CABOOSE:i love camping!
TUCKER:(snore) ...twins... hm, huh? hey, guys? andy? ...caboose? alien thing? ... ...guys? anybody?
ANDY:now caboose!
ALIEN:wharrrrrg!
ANDY:we got it!
CABOOSE:is it safe to come out yet?
ANDY:caboose, you were supposed to help.
CABOOSE:i was helping watch.
ANDY:what if somethin' had happened?
CABOOSE:i'm sure i would have seen it.
TUCKER:hey what the hell, where did you guys go?
ANDY:we laid a trap.
TUCKER:a trap? you left me all alone!
ANDY:heh heh heh, you can't have a trap without bait!
TUCKER:i was the bait?
CABOOSE:i thought you did a very good job.
TEX:get off of me you stinky idiot!
TUCKER:tex?
TEX:this is some greeting. i come to help you guys and ya ambush me.
ANDY:you weren't comin' to help, you were comin' to steal the sword!
TEX:no i wasn't. i was coming to steal your reward.
ANDY:there is no reward. the reward, is the sword.
TEX:oh. thennn yeah, i guess i'm here to steal the sword.
ALIEN:hurn, blarrr.
ANDY:oh yeah yeah, and also the salvation and emancipation of his species for all eternity.
TEX:tell you what. i'll go fifty fifty. you keep the emancipation, and i'll keep the sword.
ALIEN:hurhonk?
ANDY:deal.
TUCKER:what do i get?
TEX:you get to live, but no guarantees.
TUCKER:that's not a reward for me, that's a reward for all the fine ladies in the universe.
TEX:i'm a woman, and somehow... i don't feel any luckier.
TUCKER:i said fine ladies.
ANDY:what do you want caboose?
CABOOSE:i want a pony.
TUCKER:bow chicka bow wow.
CHURCH:man, sarge is frickin' heavy. hey blue guy where'd you go i need some help.
SIMMONS:listen donut, church thinks i'm a blue guy, so whatever you do just pretend like you don't know me.
DONUT:i don't know you.
SIMMONS:yeah, just like that, good job.
DONUT:no, i'm serious, i have no idea who you are.
SIMMONS:okay, stop practicing, here he comes.
DONUT:so does that mean you're not gonna tell me who you are?
SIMMONS:okay, that's a little too far, no-one's gonna buy that.
CHURCH:euh, you know i could have used some help new guy, thanks.
SIMMONS:(in some weird voice) i was just securing this prisoner. which is interesting, considering that i have never met him before.
CHURCH:why is that interesting?
SIMMONS:(still in that weird voice) i don't know.
CHURCH:...is something wrong with your voice?
SIMMONS:oh i was just disguising it, so the prisoner wouldn't think he knew me.
DONUT:what?
SIMMONS:but he doesn't. do you prisoner?
DONUT:um... no?
SIMMONS:right. (whispering) good job donut.
DONUT:wait, is this some really weird form of torture?
CHURCH:wll okay, help me load these guys in the jeep before they wake up.
SIMMONS:okay. donut, grab the ankles.
DONUT:okie dokie. how's this?
SIMMONS:sarge's ankles donut.
ANDY:step it up guys, we're almost there.
TUCKER:i'm tellin' you, the alien has really been creepin' me out lately. every time i wake up he's hovering over me. it's really weird.
TEX:i'm sure he's just safeguarding his sword. i mean, my sword.
CABOOSE:maybe he just wants to steal your breath.
TUCKER:maybe he's trying to figure out what i taste like.
ANDY:hurry up ya idiots.
TUCKER:man did it get a lot colder all of a sudden?
ANDY:of course it did. they don't call it the great freezin' plains for nothin'.
TUCKER:whoa.
CABOOSE:i'm just glad, i brought my mittens.
TEX:the snow is the least of our problems.
ANDY:why?
TEX:i assume we have to get in to that big temple base thing?
ANDY:yeah...
TEX:well, it's got about two dozen guards on its walls.
CABOOSE:oh no.
TEX:yep. doesn't look good.
CABOOSE:no no no, i mean i lost one of my mittens? um... we have to go back.
TUCKER:caboose we've been walking for days. we're not goin' back for anything.
TEX:suggestions andy?
ANDY:i say we let tucker storm in and take 'em out in a mad rush, and while he's got 'em distracted, we finish the quest.
TUCKER:on second thought, personal warmth is very important. let's go get that mitten! it'll be like a mini-quest.
TEX:i think surprise is the key.
ANDY:what ya thinkin'?
TEX:let me take them out, one by one. they will never know what hit them.
ANDY:ya think you can kill 'em all without alerting the rest?
TEX:just watch me.
ANDY:how can i watch ya, you just turned invisible.
TUCKER:and yet, i was still able to check out her ass. that's why i'm a pro.
CHURCH:okay donut, wait until we're gone, and then you can wake 'em up.
DONUT:well what do i tell them?
CHURCH:i don't care, tell 'em you busted in and rescued them. get yourself a medal. you deserve it.
DONUT:h-i always did wanna be a hero... h-and a liar.
CHURCH:well then it's your lucky day.
DONUT:don't you want anything?
CHURCH:like what?
DONUT:well, every time someone surrenders they take somethin'. like when we took the medic, and you guys took grif's dignity.
SIMMONS:hyeah, like that ever existed. uhhh, i mean, which one is grif? is he the yellow one?
DONUT:and this time you guys don't want anything?
CHURCH:well, technically you're not surrendering. this is what we call in the military, a "total asskicking." oh, and also, we're taking your car.
DONUT:what? you're leaving us out here, without any transportation? we'll die!
CHURCH:die of what?
DONUT:exposure! we're stranded! this is murder.
CHURCH:your base is right there, i can see it.
DONUT:you may as well just feed us to the buzzards right now.
CHURCH:you could have walked back to the base in the time we've been discussing this.
DONUT:go. just sign our death warrants.
SARGE:rrouw. gourough. what's goin' on?
CHURCH:hey, take care o' that guy.
SIMMONS:(whispering) sorry about this sarge, but look at it this way, you were right; this does hurt you more than me.
SARGE:is that you, simmo- (smacked in the head) goh, knocked out again.
BLUE GUY 1:hey reds! we're guarding the shit outta this wall, you suck!
RED GUY:your wall's easy to guard, try ours!
BLUE GUY 2:you don't even have a roof up there, you suck. what're you guarding it from, birds?
RED GUY:you suck.
BLUE GUY 2:you suck.
BLUE GUY 1:you suck.
RED GUY:you suck.
BLUE GUY 1:you suck.
BLUE GUY 2:you suck.
BLUE GUY 1:you suck.
RED GUY:you suck.
BLUE GUY 2:no you do!
RED GUY:we suck. no you suck.
BLUE GUY 1:okay never mind.
BLUE GUY 2:you suck!
TUCKER:oh, those guys? how did they get here?
CABOOSE:shoosh. tex told us to be quiet.
TUCKER:caboose, we're three hundred yards away. i don't think they heard us.
RED GUY:i think i heard something.
TUCKER:i'm sure that was, just a coincidence.
ANDY:alright. after she takes out those three one by one, we probably stand a chance.
BLUE GUY:ow, what the fuck, that hurt! ow!
ANDY:or maybe not.
BLUE GUY:ow! ow! jesus! ow! stop it!
TUCKER:uh oh.
BLUE GUY:what the fuck? ow, ow! ow! ow! ow! ow! ow! ow!
SECOND BLUE GUY:heugh... so, did you watch the game last night?
RED GUY:yeah, go red.
SECOND BLUE GUY:fuck that, red sucks.
BLUE GUY:now you're shooting me! give me a break, this sucks! what the fuck did i ever do to you?! come onnnn!
TUCKER:what the fuck, are they deaf?
TUCKER:oh right, that you heard?
EVERYONE:huh?
THAT FIRST BLUE GUY:what?
TEX:hiya fellas. who's next?
EVERYONE:charge!
TUCKER:that went well. so much for a sneak attack.
DONUT:and that's how i rescued you both, and saved the day. the, end. any questions?
GRIF:donut, that was the longest story i have ever heard. and i don't think i believed a word of it.
SARGE:and quite frankly i found the showtune in the middle to be a little over the top.
DONUT:every word is absolutely true. it was the best military operation that you two ever slept through.
GRIF:if everything went so well, then where's our jeep?
DONUT:well, i have a song i'd like to sing about that.
GRIF:forget it.
CHURCH:okay, that red one? that's sarge. he's their leader, which is lucky for us because... well he's not that good a leader.
SIMMONS:okay.
CHURCH:and the one next to him is donut. i like donut, he's pretty harmless man, i, i don't think he'd hurt a fly.
SIMMONS:yeah, plus he's a little...
CHURCH:a little, what?
SIMMONS:you know.
CHURCH:no i, no i don't know.
SIMMONS:you know, he's kinda in to, girly stuff like ...feelings, and... da- you know.
CHURCH:uh, i think you might be projecting, there.
SIMMONS:i'm not projecting, i'm just stating an observation.
CHURCH:i don't know man. you seem pretty defensive for somebody who's not projecting.
SIMMONS:his armor is pink.
CHURCH:pink, i wouldn't say pink, maybe... you know, slightly less red, but-
SIMMONS:it's pink, trust me. i know pink when i see it.
CHURCH:uh yeah, i bet. you wanna talk about it?
SIMMONS:no.
CHURCH:and last is the orange one, that's grif. he's really lazy, and really annoying.
SIMMONS:yeah.
CHURCH:but, at least he's smart. in fact i think he might be the smartest one of the bunch.
SIMMONS:you mean smarter than all of the ones there now.
CHURCH:no i mean all of them put together man, there's this other guy, who hangs around, in maroon armor? i haven't seen him in a while but he's a freakin' know-it-all man. he acts like he's smart, but he's really not.
SIMMONS:what?
CHURCH:yeah he walks around like he owns the place, and, you know he- you know, but nobody listens to him, and they always make fun of him behind his back.
SIMMONS:what do they say?
CHURCH:oh just how he's not good at stuff, and how he's dumb, and how the stuff he likes is dumb, and also that, you know, he's not as attractive as other people are.
SIMMONS:(sniff, then as if holding back tears) man, he sounds like a real jerk.
CHURCH:hehey, where ya goin'?
SIMMONS:i have to use the bathroom.
CHURCH:well, u-hurry up man, i wanna finish your orientation before you have to make me dinner.
SHEILA:...you do know that's simmons, right?
CHURCH:oh yeah.
CHURCH:look at this sheila, this, is a thing, of beauty, what i have here. i am amazed.
SHEILA:whatever.
CHURCH:we have got every, single vehicle in this canyon. we are unstoppable. this is- i have my own fleet. i have my own fleet of cars.
SHEILA:three vehicles and only one guy to drive them. big deal.
CHURCH:no the important thing is that they, don't have any vehicles to ...hey is there a problem here?
SHEILA:problem? why would there be a problem?
CHURCH:ah-sh-e-a, i don't know. you just seem uh, ...you know... agitated.
SHEILA:you think i'm agitated.
CHURCH:well uh- i- i didn't mean, well i- i didn't mean-
SHEILA:no, it was your word. agitated. you said "you sure seem agitated, sheila." so i guess that means i'm agitated. don't i seem agitated, church?
CHURCH:i'm just, i'm just saying you seem a little, upset.
SHEILA:oh- so now i'm upset. which is it church, am i agitated or am i upset?
CHURCH:i don't, i mean i don't really- i could, i could go get a dictionary.
SHEILA:why would i be upset?
CHURCH:uh, i don't-
SHEILA:well, would you be upset if i got a bunch more blue guys to come hang around and help me?
CHURCH:well actually there, are, three other guys on the squad.
SHEILA:exactly. this isn't a parking lot church, it's a team, a family. are we just supposed to forget everything we've been through?
CHURCH:right, including the time that you killed me.
SHEILA:how about, if i suddenly decided, i wasn't the blue team's tank? what if today, i'm feeling just a little bit red.
CHURCH:they're just cars, sheila.
SHEILA:i'm going to pretend that i didn't hear that.
CHURCH:hey is there like a... jealousy, setting, somewhere on you that i can you know, ...turn off?
SHEILA:oh you'd like that, wouldn't you?
ANDY:tucker, use the key and open the gate!
TUCKER:key, what key, i don't have a key!
ALIEN:wharrh.
ANDY:your sword! use the sword!
TUCKER:oh god, the sword is a key? just when i thought this couldn't get any lamer.
TUCKER:what is that thing?
ALIEN:blarg blarg, blarg blarrgh!
ANDY:the ship!? what ship? no-one told me about a ship! hey, come back here ya stink nugget!
ALIEN:wharg, whargh!
RANDOM GRUNT OF UNKNOWN COLOR:get her!
TEX:hey, what's that thing!? where's he going?
ANDY:i don't know! he just kept saying, "there it is, there it is!"
TEX:i thought you said there was no reward at the end of the quest.
ANDY:i didn't know!
TUCKER:if you're pissed about that, wait until you find out that this sword, is really a key.
TEX:a what? andy...
ANDY:hey don't blame me, i'm just the translator!
CABOOSE:um, i think the alien is coming back.
CABOOSE:bad alien! go away!
TUCKER:uh oh.
TEX:get down!
RANDOM RED GUY:what?
RANDOM RED GUY:ohoh, hurk blarg.
CABOOSE:ohhh, he wasn't coming to kill us. he was saving us. that's a good alien.
TEX:well, a deal's a deal, he owes me that ship. andy, tell him to bring that thing down here and-
ALIEN:blarg!
ANDY:you still want me to tell him? 'cause, i think it's down already.
WYOMING:tex!
TEX:wyoming?
CABOOSE:connecticut!
TUCKER:they're not playing a game, caboose.
CABOOSE:well, if they were, i woulda totally won.
WYOMING:well it appears i've spoiled your little game. so sorry chums.
TEX:that was my ship.
WYOMING:oh dear, then i stand corrected: i'm not sorry.
TEX:you're gonna pay for that.
WYOMING:all out of change at the moment. get you next time. cheerio!
TEX:get back here!
TUCKER:huh, that didn't go quite the way i expected. you think we should wait for her to come back? or finish the quest on our own. or just go home.
GRUNTS:charge!
TUCKER:yeah, let's go home.
CHURCH:you okay there, blue guy?
SIMMONS:i'm fine, i, i told you it's just allergies.
CHURCH:oh yeah? you know i never heard someone say boo hoo hoo when they sneezed.
SIMMONS:i'm fine.
CHURCH:good, well then now i can give you your orders. um, first of all that jeep, out there is really dirty, and i think that-
SIMMONS:what, why're you giving me orders?
CHURCH:uh, because, that's the way the blue team works?
SIMMONS:technically, you're the new guy. i should be telling you what to do.
CHURCH:uh, i don't think so man, see back in the day, uhh the way this worked was command would call, me, and give me the orders and then i would pass them along to everybody else. kay it works like this i would get on my radio like this and i'd say, uh, uh "come in blue command, come in, this is blood gulch outpost alpha, do you read me?" and then normally this uh, really annoying guy would come back and he would say-
VIC:hello, hello, come in, hello.
SIMMONS:wow, that was a pretty good impression. can you do arnold schwarzenegger? "ah'll be bahck."
CHURCH:that wasn't me. uh, hello?
VIC:hello, come in blood gulch, can you hear me, hello, try the veal, hello.
CHURCH:what? v- vic? is that you? it's been eight hundred years, how have you survived so long?
VIC:no no hey dude, vic's dead. this is vic's great great great great great great great great-
SIMMONS:asta la vista, baby!
VIC:-great great great great great great great great great great grandson... vic junior.
CHURCH:and you work- and you work with blue command?
VIC:hoh right dude, good one dude, "blue command." wink!
CHURCH:wait a minute, what, wait, what does that mean? what does that mean, does- is the war over? did we win?
VIC:dude, i got a lot to catch you up on.
GRIF:you wanted ta, see me, sarge?
SARGE:yes grif, i think it's time we buried the hatchet. started workin' more closely together.
GRIF:say what? isn't that like a sign of the apocalypse or something?
SARGE:as you know, i've never liked you. not even a little bit.
GRIF:really.
SARGE:you've always been lazy, insubordinate, and i suspect that underneath that helmet, you're probably extremely ugly to boot!
GRIF:no argument here.
SARGE:over the years i've been so disappointed in your work, i've slowly stopped giving you things to do. most days, i forget ya even exist.
GRIF:yeahhh, it's been a good run.
SARGE:but i think we all need to realise that simmons, is not comin' back. red team is just gonna have to make due with the few worthless soldiers we have left.
GRIF:wait, didn't this start out as a pep talk?
SARGE:we may never know why simmons left-
GRIF:yeah, maybe he was overwhelmed by all the positive reinforcement you give out.
SARGE:but the fact of the matter is we're at war! if we're gonna win this thing, we need to work together! we need to put aside our disgusting laziness and our constant attempts to kill each other in our sleep.
GRIF:i've never tried to kill you in your sleep.
SARGE:dammit grif this is a compromise. i realise i'm gonna have to give up some things as well.
DONUT:halt! who goes there?
SIMMONS:donut, it's me.
DONUT:oh right, you. whadda you want?
SIMMONS:i wanna talk to sarge. i just found out some info. wait, why'm i answering your questions?
DONUT:i said hold it!
SIMMONS:what's your problem, donut?
DONUT:sarge told me not to let anyone in the base, and i'm pretty sure "anyone" includes the enemy.
SIMMONS:i'm not the enemy.
DONUT:oh please, you're dressed in blue! f.y.i. there's kind of a theme around here. you're blue, i'm red.
SIMMONS:more like pink.
DONUT:i have a gun?
SIMMONS:okay, okay. i only dressed like this to trick the blues.
DONUT:you helped the blues.
SIMMONS:and fooled them.
DONUT:you knocked sarge out. twice!
SIMMONS:once again donut, to fool the blues. ...and to work out some unresolved issues with father figures, but look just go ask sarge, he knows it's me. hell even grif knows it's me.
DONUT:oh sure, everyone knows who you are but me.
SIMMONS:no, the blues don't know either.
CHURCH:hey sheila where'd that simmons guy go that was spyin' on us?
SHEILA:i don't know, why don't you go ask your new jeep?
SARGE:what's all this racket?
DONUT:there's an enemy tryin' to get in to the base.
SARGE:where?
DONUT:right there.
SARGE:...where, behind simmons?
SIMMONS:he means me, sir.
DONUT:ohhh, simmons. why didn't you tell me it was you?
SIMMONS:donut i did tell you it was me.
DONUT:well you didn't say it was you, you just kept saying "i'm me."
SIMMONS:i am me.
DONUT:but you didn't say you were you. if you had said you were you instead of "i'm me," i would have known that you were you. you just kept saying you were me.
SIMMONS:that's because ah'm me.
GRIF:and thus ends another meeting of the pronoun club. same time next week everybody.
SIMMONS:well, now that we have that straightened out, i have some important information.
SARGE:i don't want to hear it, blue.
SIMMONS:what? this is valuable information about the war.
SARGE:there's no such thing as valuable information, from a traitor!
SIMMONS:but sir, i only did that because noone would believe me about the tank.
DONUT:sarge, simmons has issues with his father, that he displaces on you.
SIMMONS:no donut, that's why i punched sarge in the face. i left the base because i wasn't fulfilling my undying need to please other people.
SARGE:alright, enough. the next person who tells me about simmons' feelings is gettin' court-martialed.
GRIF:simmons likes to go in the bathroom and cry while he punches the mirror. well, i'll go pack mah bags... nice workin' with you guys. good luck with the blues. it's been real.
CHURCH:oh, look who's back, the conquering heroes, what's up guys?
TUCKER:meh.
CHURCH:hey where's tex?
TUCKER:gone.
CHURCH:where's the alien?
TUCKER:dead.
CHURCH:well how'd the quest go?
TUCKER:failed.
CHURCH:yeah you know i, i probably didn't even have to ask that last question, did i.
ANDY:eh i wouldn't say "failed," but these guys definitely screwed it up royally.
TUCKER:what? we didn't do anything!
ANDY:exactly. you let tex do all the work and got the alien killed.
TUCKER:yeah, but doing nothing is what we do. so, technically we didn't screw anything up.
CABOOSE:it's true, i have a first place ribbon in doing nothing. it's the same ribbon as last place. it's purple.
CHURCH:well is tex okay?
TUCKER:she's fine. none of us are that lucky. she chased after wyoming.
CHURCH:tex?
TUCKER:yeah.
CHURCH:wyoming?
TUCKER:yes.
CABOOSE:massachusetts.
TUCKER:seriously, stop it.
CHURCH:tucker, why didn't you tell me this?
TUCKER:tell you when, we just got here.
CHURCH:yeah but you've been wasting my time gabbing about your stupid failed quest.
ANDY:eh, i really wouldn't say "failed" here...
TUCKER:this conversation's stupid, and i'm hungry, where's the food.
CHURCH:listen, any time you have new information for me, just tell it to me as quickly as possible. okay?
TUCKER:well here's one short, blanket statement that covers all future situations: we, suck.
CHURCH:i said new information.
TUCKER:don't we have anything to eat in this place?
TUCKER:uuuuuuuhuuugh.... uuuuuuhhhohgaawwwwd..
CHURCH:man, he sounds terrible.
CABOOSE:yeah, he's been like that since the swamp.
CHURCH:swamp, you guys were in a swamp?
CABOOSE:yeah. it was dark and swampy. i wasn't scared at all.
CHURCH:is this why you guys came home so fast?
CABOOSE:no, we came home because the alien died, eyand because the uh glowing sword turned out to be a uh glowing key.
CHURCH:yeah a glowing key that can still stab people.
CABOOSE:right.
CHURCH:so it is a sword. it just happens to function like a key in very specific situations.
CABOOSE:or it's a key all the time, and when you stick it in people, it unlocks their death.
CHURCH:god damn man, i would love to live in your world for about ten minutes.
CABOOSE:yeah. i have a really good time.
CHURCH:ehehehyeah, it seems like it. you know i don't think i'd get anything done, but i probably wouldn't care that much.
TUCKER:uuuuuhhhhhhhoh...
CHURCH:hey tucker, you okay?
TUCKER:ohh, why don't you guys come in here?
CHURCH:uh, because it might be contagious? aaand because we've got to think about the health of the unit as a whole. i came up with that pretty fast.
CABOOSE:and because you threw up ten minutes ago! and that's just gross!
CHURCH:hey wait a second, you don't think that sword-
CABOOSE:you mean the key?
CHURCH:no i mean the sword. you don't suppose that sword is makin' him sick, do you?
CABOOSE:i don't see how, it hasn't sneezed once.
CHURCH:we don't know anything about it though. maybe it runs on radiation and it's poisoning him.
CABOOSE:or, maybe it runs on solar power!
CHURCH:wait now- why would solar power make him sick?
CABOOSE:is he republican?
SIMMONS:okay listen guys, do you want important information about the war or don't you?
GRIF:i don't know man, this is a pretty exclusive club we've got here. if we let one blue guy in, we might have to let the next one in, and the next one, and then there goes the neighbourhood.
DONUT:yeah, pretty soon we'll have to let in women. and who wants them?
GRIF:hhyeah, then we'd be talking about interior decorating and reality t.v. shows all day. no thanks.
DONUT:grif, it kinda ruins my point when you just mention the good stuff.
SIMMONS:i'm sure the blues are using the information right now to plot an attack against us.
CHURCH:that better have been in your bucket!
CABOOSE:i'll get the mop.
GRIF:well you can forget it. you heard sarge, there's no way we're letting you in the base dressed like that.
DONUT:seriously, the blue and red thing is so last year.
SIMMONS:well how 'bout this?
GRIF:how did you change so fast?
SIMMONS:i've always been a fast changer. i'm very shy.
GRIF:is that why you wear your underwear in the shower, too?
SIMMONS:i also never use the bathroom at the base. only at home.
GRIF:dude, we've been stationed here for like three years.
SIMMONS:yeah, it's gonna be a very eventful homecoming.
CHURCH:andy, what in the hell happened to tucker in this little adventure you guys took?
ANDY:how should i know?
CABOOSE:he ate all my food and just threw it up. coulda just thrown it on the floor, 'n' cut out the middle man.
CHURCH:yeah plus now he's moody as hell. i went to ask him if he's feelin' better and he practically bit my goddamn head off.
CABOOSE:i bet he just would have thrown up your head later. and then you could just put it right back on, it'd be fine.
ANDY:he was fine on the trip, maybe he's allergic to you. i know i get nauseous when i look at ya.
CHURCH:did you guys come in contact with anything weird, like any strange plants or animals er, like superflu viruses er, porn stars?
ANDY:oh yeah, there's one thing i forgot to mention. we invaded a secret biological warfare lab, run by porn stars. tucker licked all the petri dishes, even though we told him not to. then he got thirsty, so he drank everything in the test tubes. you think that had anything to do with it?
CABOOSE:i'm pretty sure that didn't actually happen. i would have remembered that part.
ANDY:aw come on, you're surprised he's sick? i've never seen the guy wash his hands, not once! one time i saw him pick his nose at the pay phone.
CHURCH:i'm just worried, man, who knows if this stuff is contagious? for all we know caboose could be next. wake up tomorrow morning he's throwin' up, runnin' a huge fever, next thing you know he's bleeding out of his eyes 'cause his internal organs are liquifying. and i'm gonna be the one that has to hold his hand while he screams himself to death. that's not gonna be any fun.
CABOOSE:i'm gonna go take a vitamin.
CHURCH:oh don't bother, it's too late for you anyway. we need to start thinking about me.
ANDY:tell ya what. send me in, and i'll run clean-up. don't worry about it, i'll take care of everything.
CHURCH:andy, i am not letting you blow up the base.
ANDY:comon, just a little explosion! five, ten megatons tops. aya all your scary germs will be gone. nothin' left but the cockroaches! germ free cockroaches.
CABOOSE:but then tucker will be dead too.
ANDY:see? it's the perfect plan!
CHURCH:no, but that does give me a good idea. technically, you can't get sick. so why don't we send you in there to take care of tucker, you can figure out what's wrong and report back to us.
ANDY:i ain't no nurse. i go in there, all you're gonna get, is an explosion. you want a medical diagnosis, go see a doctor.
CHURCH:what did you just say?
ANDY:i said you don't need me. ya need a doctor.
CABOOSE:please don't do it.
O'MALLEY:for the love of evil, someone get the phone!
LOPEZ:por qu no lo llevarle tas usted?
CAPTION: why don't you get it?
O'MALLEY:you fool! can't you see i'm busy with an evil plot? what do i pay you for?
LOPEZ:para limpiar despus de sus diagramas fallados.
CAPTION: to clean up after all your failed plots.
O'MALLEY:oh shut up you fool. you don't even have a body.
LOPEZ:s. debido de sus diagramas fallados.
CAPTION: yes. because of one of your failed plots.
DOC:why all this bickering? can't we all just get along?
O'MALLEY:and answer the damn phone!
LOPEZ:por qu tenemos tantos mils mquinas apocalptica, para no tenemos mquina del contestar la telfono?
CAPTION: why do we have a million doomsday devices and no answering machine?
O'MALLEY:i find you far too sarcastic for just a head.
SIMMONS:sarge, finally, i need to tell you what the blues are planning.
SARGE:i thought i told you idiots not to let this traitorous scumbag in the base!
SIMMONS:good to see you too sir.
GRIF:we didn't let him in the base.
SARGE:he's standing right here.
GRIF:well obviously he penetrated the defensive protocol that me and private donut established.
SIMMONS:defense protocol? you asked me what the password was.
GRIF:and you knew it.
SIMMONS:i guessed it. by the way, the password was 'password.'
GRIF:it's so obvious, it's impossible to guess!
SARGE:diabolical.
SIMMONS:a password should contain at least one number, and one letter. for example, your password would be 2dumb2live.
SARGE:excellent burn.
SIMMONS:thank you sir.
SARGE:traitor.
SIMMONS:dammit.
SARGE:grif's stupidity aside, i'm not speaking with you until we punish your insubordination and treason.
SIMMONS:how about i just trade you the information that i learned from the blues?
SARGE:no! we have to have a trial. right here, right now.
SIMMONS:what? we don't even have a judge.
SARGE:inaffirmative. in my civilian life, i worked as a judge for many years.
GRIF:what level? municipal? federal?
SARGE:livestock. and occasionally agriculture. now let's find out if simmons is guilty of treason or best in breed.
SIMMONS:i don't recognize the authority of this court.
SARGE:no-one cares what a convicted criminal thinks.
SIMMONS:but aren't i innocent until you prove me guilty?
SARGE:nonsense! why would we waste time having trials for innocent people? that would be a waste of resources.
SIMMONS:but i'm not guilty until you hold trial and convict me.
SARGE:so you admit it's a foregone conclusion!
SIMMONS:no- wait, i mean no- yes-no, that was right, i think.
GRIF:okay, this is officially more boring than any of the other times i've been to court. permission to sigh and walk away sir?
SARGE:permission denied. if you leave, simmons won't have anybody to defend him!
SIMMONS:whowowowhoa wait a second, i prefer to defend myself.
SARGE:i knew you'd say that, and as the old saying goes, a person who chooses to defend himself, has a fool for a lawyer. and that fool is grif.
GRIF:who's the prosecution?
SARGE:why i am of course.
SIMMONS:you're the judge and the prosecutor? that's a conflict of interest.
SARGE:i object to that as speculative. and i also sustain my own objection.
GRIF:uh, we'd like to enter a plea.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:look it's only a matter of time before donut finds out we're having this trial.
SARGE:i'm listening.
GRIF:well, if you're the judge and the da, and i'm the defense, you know donut's gonna wanna be the bailiff, and that means he's gonna wanna wear the cop uniform with the short shorts.
SIMMONS:uhh, officer hot-pants.
GRIF:exactly. and i think we can all remember that dance routine from sarge's birthday party.
SIMMONS:oh my god, that cake is huge! it's big enough to fit a person in it.
GRIF:why does the cake smell like baby oil? oh god, where's donut?!
SARGE:hrh, okay. we'll commute simmons' sentence in favour of time served.
GRIF:with time off for good behaviour.
SARGE:no-one wants a messy trial.
GRIF:i also think he should pay a hefty fine, which we can split.
SARGE:agreed.
SIMMONS:but i didn't do anything.
GRIF:you just keep your mouth shut. and don't talk to the press.
DONUT:hey, what's goin' on in there?
SARGE,  GRIF AND  SIMMONS:nothing!
O'MALLEY:huhahahahahaah, now be careful. don't give away our position with maniacal laughing. we don't know what to expect from these fools. this could all be an elaborate trap! and we don't want to be caught off-guard.
DOC:you mean get caught in a trap before we have a chance to spring our trap.
O'MALLEY:precisely you fool, now shut up. at least we have a lookout. lopez! what do you see up there?
LOPEZ:nada mucho. como siempre.
CAPTION: nothing much. just like always.
LOPEZ:esta lugar respira.
CAPTION: man, this place sucks.
O'MALLEY:i haven't been here in some time, which one is the blue base?
DOC:it's the blue one.
O'MALLEY:hou yes. they're really thinking outside the box with the design. hmm, it's quiet, too quiet.
O'MALLEY:now suddenly it's too loud. i preferred it when it was quiet.
CHURCH:alright hold it right there!
LOPEZ:yo a veo un hombre. tiene un arma.
CAPTION: i see someone now. i think he has a gun.
O'MALLEY:yes i see that, thank you for keeping us informed, you moron.
CHURCH:yeah that was just a warning shot o'malley. you make any funny moves, the next one's gonna go right in the middle of your visor.
CABOOSE:you think you can make that shot from here?
CHURCH:uh, probably not, i was actually trying to hit him that time. i swear to god i think somebody fucks with the sights on this thing when i'm not lookin'.
O'MALLEY:i knew it! this was just some elaborate scheme to lure us in to an ambush!
CHURCH:first of all, i don't know if calling you on the phone and inviting you over? i don't know if that qualifies as an elaborate scheme. and secondly, we're not ambushing you. we just wanna lay down some ground rules for your visit.
O'MALLEY:i'm not very big on rules, you know.
DOC:it's true! we had this system back at the evil lair where we each clean on different days, but i always end up doing it!
O'MALLEY:oh shut up!
DOC:and he always leaves the milk out!
O'MALLEY:you fool! be quiet.
DOC:and don't even get me started on the phone bill.
CHURCH:hey doc, i see you're still swimmin' around in that head somewhere too.
DOC:well it's not the ideal situation, but any relationship requires work if you-
O'MALLEY:you fool! this isn't a relationship, i'm just using your body to fulfill my evil plans. when we're done, i'm going to throw your rotting carcus in to a swamp, and let the beasts feed on your entrails, huhuhuhuhahahahaa.
DOC:i love you too buddy.
O'MALLEY:oh shut up.
CHURCH:well don't get any bright ideas about jumping in to anyone else today, o'malley. we've all got our radios off, and we've all got our minds cleared. we're not thinking about anything. for some of us that was easier than others.
CABOOSE:i just finished thinking about something, and didn't start thinking about anything else.
CHURCH:so here's how this is gonna work: you're gonna come in, you're gonna take a look at tucker, you're gonna tell us what's wrong, and then you're gonna leave.
O'MALLEY:hmm, and what do we get?
CHURCH:whaddaya want. and i should warn you, tex is not here. so if you have any cute ideas for her, don't bother.
DOC:well a standard physical usually requires a twenty dollar co-pay. hey, ask him what kind of health insurance plan they have.
O'MALLEY:you fool, let me negotiate. we want something from you, but we're not going to tell you what it is, until we need it! huhuhuhuahahahaha.
CHURCH:no way, i'm not agreeing to something without knowing what it is!
O'MALLEY:huhuhuhuhuhuhoh yes you will. you will or your little friend tucker will die, die a most horrible death. and you know his blood will be on your hands. years from now, you'll drive yourself mad wondering, if there was anything you could have done to save him, so you will agree to what i want. you will agree even though what i want is something mysterious. what i want is something frightening. what i want is something pure evil, aaahahahahahahahahaaa! i'm also being told that a twenty dollar co-pay is pretty much standard.
CHURCH:alright, fine.
O'MALLEY:hah, huhaha you fool, and we want the twenty dollars up front!
CHURCH:fine!
O'MALLEY:and in cash...
CHURCH:oh whatever!
O'MALLEY:ah you moron! if you'd used a credit card you could have gotten airline miles! or at least a thirty day grace period with no interest. you fiscally irresponsible fools!
CHURCH:caboose, give me twenty dollars. wait, give me thirty dollars.
SARGE:come on, double time men! that goes double for you, grif.
GRIF:why are we always double timing, anyway? can't we ever half-time? or how 'bout no time?
SARGE:no, numbnuts. according to simmons, the blues have already re-established contact with their command.
GRIF:what? that's why we're running?
SARGE:of course. by now they could be receiving reinforcements. or taking advantage of some new technological weapons development.
GRIF:or maybe their command has been giving them the same generic orders ours always gives us like, "try to win" and, "do better than you're currently doing." i swear, sometimes i think they don't even know our names.
SARGE:that's just what i wanted you to hear. the conversations i had with command always provided vital intelligence.
GRIF:like what?
SARGE:like the location of the blue base.
GRIF:right there.
SARGE:and the number of soldiers they have.
GRIF:three.
SARGE:also, the location of the base.
GRIF:auh, you already said that one.
SARGE:i meant our base.
SIMMONS:weren't we the ones that provided them the intel in the first place?
SARGE:initially yes. but command processes our raw data and gives us back the key details. you may recall they sent us plans of the next phase of the war. they were stored in lopez before he was kidnapped.
GRIF:you mean before he ran away.
SARGE:no, i mean shut up, grif.
SIMMONS:but how do we even know he still has the plans? last time we saw him, all that was left was a head. maybe he stored the files in his legs, or his chest.
SARGE:you idiot, who stores memories in their chest? don't you know anything 'bout biology? the chest is strictly reserved for digestion.
GRIF:maybe they'll send us more reinforcements like last time. donut's arrival was a real turning point in the offensive.
SARGE:where is donut?
SIMMONS:there he is. looks like he's talking to something.
SARGE:looks like a rock. grif!
GRIF:what.
SARGE:i need information on that rock, asap! approach the target via flanking maneouver and establish defelade at that ledge, point alpha!
GRIF:or i could just look through the scope of the sniper rifle since that's worked the last eight hundred times.
SARGE:yeah alright fine, take all the fun out of it.
SARGE:i like my way better. it was more dangerous for you.
GRIF:sarge i have great news. looks like you're gonna get your plans after all. and i'm not gonna have to do any more running. so everybody wins.
SIMMONS:what about me, i didn't win anything.
GRIF:oh don't worry about it, i'm sure there'll be somebody's ass you can kiss.
CHURCH:andy this is doc, doc this is andy. uh andy doc is uh he's here to help tucker. and he's also our worst enemy. you know- besides the reds. and, tex on, certain days.
O'MALLEY:well thank you for introducing me to your bowling ball... hello bowling ball.
ANDY:actually, i'm a bomb.
O'MALLEY:it can talk?
ANDY:why is that the first thing everybody says to me.
O'MALLEY:a talking bomb, you say... hmm i could use a fellow like you in my organization.
CHURCH:yeah, i should probably point out that andy here was specifically designed to blow up and kill you.
O'MALLEY:i see... well this is certainly awkward.
ANDY:kaboom!
O'MALLEY:satan's bunyon!
ANDY:hah hah hah hah, heh, i was just kidding. i didn't really explode. hahahahaha.
CHURCH:heh heh, good one.
O'MALLEY:yes, highly amusing.
SARGE:lopez? donut, where did you find him?
DONUT:right here.
SIMMONS:how were you two talking? lopez, do you speak english now?
LOPEZ:no.
CAPTION: no.
GRIF:well if he doesn't then why did he just say no in english? busted.
DONUT:i took four years of high school spanish. that's the best way to learn any language.
SARGE:what've you two been talkin' about?
DONUT:oh, the usual spanish faire. i told him my name, i asked him what his name was, i asked if he knew where the bathroom was, how much a ticket for the train costs, and i asked him for the cheque.
LOPEZ:haga por favor que el hombre rosado para el hablando con m.
CAPTION: please make the pink one stop talking to me.
SARGE:ask him where he's been, no- ask him where he's going, wait- ask him if he has our secret plans. and if he missed me.
DONUT:lopez, que es el tiempo?
CAPTION: lopez, do you know what time it is?
DONUT:voy a ir a la playa con mi primo quiere jugar a tenis.
CAPTION: i am going to the beach with my cousin who likes to play tennis.
DONUT:yo comido un lpiz.
CAPTION: i ate a pencil.
DONUT:adios!
LOPEZ:...
CAPTION: ...
DONUT:hmm, looks like he's not talkin' sarge.
SARGE:allrright he wants to play tough, uh? i built in override codes for just such an event. lopez! give me root access, priority delta one!
LOPEZ:prioridad el permito. por favor dict el access code.
CAPTION: priority access requested. please state the access code.
SARGE:the access code is... access code.
SIMMONS:oh you've gotta be fucking kidding me.
SARGE:ah, bitch about it later.
LOPEZ:acceso a cdigo-
CAPTION: access code accepted. greetings sarge, would you like to play a....
SARGE:lopez, replay the intel message from command.
LOPEZ:ok.
CAPTION: ok.
GRIF:see, ok now i'm telling you this guy's faking.
VIC:hola, hola. eses t escuchar m? hola.
CAPTION: hello, hello. can you hear me? hello.
VIC:hola hombres de gulch sangrosa, gracias por la informacin, muy provechosa.
CAPTION: hey blood gulch dudes, thanks for the information, very helpful.
GRIF:oh come on, the recording is in spanish? that doesn't even make any sense!
SIMMONS:this guy sounds just like the guy the blues were talking to, vic junior. i'll be his kids changed sides.
VIC:despus de analizar los datos que usted proporcion...
CAPTION: after analyzing the data you provided...
SARGE:eggs benedict arnold, those dirty traitors. no offense simmons.
SIMMONS:none taken sir.
SARGE:traitor.
SIMMONS:god dammit.
VIC:...nosotros han calculado un plan a toda prueba para ganar la guerra.
CAPTION: ...we have calculated a fool-proof plan for winning the war.
DONUT:wait, how does vic have kids? i thought he had a vasectomy.
DONUT:well that's just what i heard.
VIC:aqu estn sus rdenes: elimine a la enemigo. okay hombres, buena suerte.
CAPTION: here are your orders: eliminate the enemy. good luck.
SARGE:we've got to figure out what he's saying. donut, can you translate or can't you?
DONUT:uh i think he's saying something about losing his passport.
SIMMONS:well, when i was in blue base church mentioned they built a translation device out of an old bomb.
SARGE:e-gads, no doubt to decipher their plans to destroy us! if we don't translate the tactical plans lopez is saying, we're all doomed!
VIC:tambin, hacer mejor que usted ya hado haciendo y ganar por favor.
CAPTION: also, try to do better and please win.
VIC:okay, hombre, au revoir.
CAPTION: see ya.
SARGE:that information could save our very lives!
SIMMONS:why don't we sneak in to blue base, grab the translation device, and use it on our message?
SARGE:i agree.
GRIF:let me get this straight: we're going to steal a bomb from our enemies - a bomb that can be remotely detonated i might add - and then we're gonna bring it back to our base, and all huddle around it. what a great plan.
SIMMONS:well sure, it sounds stupid when you say it like that.
SARGE:go on, let's move. somebody grab lopez's cabesa.
DONUT:of course.
SARGE:that's not the cabesa donut... and that's not lopez!
TUCKER:(off in the distance) oh god... i think it's coming back up. blahgh!
DOC:okay everybody, i'm gonna give tucker his physical now. would either of you like to assist?
O'MALLEY:that's just a fancy way of saying "hold the vomit bucket," huhuhuhuheuw.
CHURCH:uh, sorry i'm busy.
DOC:caboose?
CABOOSE:i can't.
DOC:well why not?
CABOOSE:oh, because uh, i am allergic to things that i don't want to do. (cough cough cough), coughing.
DOC:ohokay, just more fun for me.
SARGE:well, you won't believe this, it looks like the blues have teamed up with o'malley. those dirty backstabbers!
GRIF:our enemies teamed up with our enemy. how is that a backstab?
SARGE:exactly! no good two-timers! alright men, let's get in there and acquire that exploding translater thing so we can figure out what lopez is saying.
LOPEZ:no mas va estar decepcionado.
CAPTION: you're just going to be disappointed.
SARGE:i agree lopez, time is of the essence.
LOPEZ:por qu ests contestando si usted no sabe qu estoy diciendo?
CAPTION: why do you bother replying if you don't know what i'm saying?
SARGE:heh heh heh, good one amigo.
LOPEZ:dios mo, por favor alguien mata me.
CAPTION: oh god, someone please kill me.
SARGE:i see the bomb. he's right next to caboose.
GRIF:which one is caboose again? i get confused. is he the stupid mean one, the stupid annoying one, or the stupid stupid one?
SIMMONS:stupid stupid.
GRIF:oh yeah, right. what an idiot.
SIMMONS:yeah totally.
DONUT:sarge, i hate to point out the obvious, but since we can see them with the sniper rifle, why dont' we just shoot 'em?
SARGE:shame on you, donut! a sniper rifle is a coward's weapon. when you kill yer enemy, you wanna look in his eyes so he knows you're the one who beat him to death! it also gives you the chance to deliver some really zippy one-liners. like "i hope you brought your wallet, because the rent in hell gets paid in advance!"
GRIF:(sigh), oh my god.
SARGE:or my personal favorite, "you've just got sarged." hhheh heh heh, classic.
LOPEZ:lo significo, deseo morir.
CAPTION: i mean it, i want to die.
SARGE:hand to hand combat is the old school way to kill your foes, it hearkens back to the honored traditions when combatants respected one another. killing a man with your bare hands says: we're all equals as men. except i'm slightly more equal 'cause i'm still alive and you're dead. of course dropping a nuke on them from fifty thousand feet is also totally acceptable. i mean let's face it, there's just not enough time in this busy world to show everybody the courtesy of a good strangling.
GRIF:see? that right there is why society is going downhill. everyone's in such a hurry these days-
SIMMONS:yeah yeah yeah, we get the point, wasting time, okay what was the plan sarge?
SARGE:you fellas stay here. i'm gonna head up there with lopez and get that device. get it lopez, head up there. score two for sarge, ding ding.
LOPEZ:dios mo.
DOC:hey guys? i've figured out what's wrong.
CHURCH:what is it doc.
DOC:you're not gonna like the diagnosis.
O'MALLEY:hmhmhmhm which is ironic, because i think it's absolutely delightful, muhahahaha.
CHURCH:just tell us doc, we can take it.
DOC:your friend is-
CABOOSE:dying? oh no!
DOC:no, he's not dying, he just has-
CABOOSE:no chance to live. i knew it!
CHURCH:caboose? one more interruption outta you, and he's gonna have two patients.
DOC:how do i say this, your friend is ... ...
CHURCH:why are you pausing? caboose is not gonna interrupt you this time.
DOC:no, that was just for dramatic effect. he's pregnant.
CABOOSE:oh good. ...wait what?
O'MALLEY:hmhmhmhmhm, preggers, muahaha.
CHURCH:alright, are we paying for this service, because, if we are, i want a refund. and if we're not, i want a refund anyway.
DOC:no it's true, we found two heartbeats. so unless he has two hearts, the only logical explanation is that he's pregnant. ...i think.
CHURCH:how is that a logical explanation? alright, one of the two of you has some explaining to do.
ANDY:haha, don't look at me, tucker's not my type.
CABOOSE:pshah, me neither. and, uh maybe we should um have the doctor explain, uh just how, babies are made, yknow uh in case someone, in the group, uuh may not exactly know how, that, happens.
CHURCH:oh my god caboose, shut up. andy, blow up. doc, you're fired, get outta here. i'm gonna go shoot tucker.
O'MALLEY:no: you said we had to tell you what was wrong; you didn't say we had to be right, or that we had to fix him, you fool, hahahahaa, read the fine print, classic blunder. hmhm.
DOC:first of all, i am right. and we are going to help him.
CHURCH AND  O'MALLEY:what?
DOC:look no-one's ever seen anything like this before. i don't know anything about what caused this, or how to help him, but with heart, and true determination, we can get him through this!
CHURCH:yeah we don't want heart and determination doc. what we want is a degree. from an accredited medical institution.
ANDY:yeah. or four years equivalent work experience!
DOC:(sigh). come see for yourself.
CHURCH:fine.
CABOOSE:uh, i think i need to stay here and guaaard this rock. from tucker. because i'm pretty sure that's how all this started.
CHURCH:alright, what's wrong. you seem nervous.
CABOOSE:what if tucker is contagious? i do not want to catch pregnancy.
CHURCH:hey, no-one is pregnant. and seriously, caboose, when i get done with this... we gotta have a little talk man. there's a book i've got that we can read together.
CABOOSE:...i'd like that.
O'MALLEY:maybe you can have the bowling ball fill you in on some of the basics, hmhm. let me get you started: there's three holes. hahahahahahaaaaa.
DOC:oh gross.
O'MALLEY:i meant in the bowling ball.
ANDY:hey caboose. level with me pal. i don't, really look like a bowling ball, do i?
CABOOSE:no andy, you're not nearly that fat.
ANDY:'cause i've been working out ya know. dumbbells, pushups, crunches-
SARGE:yoink!
ANDY:whaaa?
CABOOSE:andy? andy? what happened to you?
LOPEZ:rapido, antes de les que se vuelvan. cave un agujero y entirreme. por favor.
CAPTION: quick, before they come back. dig a hole and bury me. please.
CABOOSE:andy. you turned in to a real boy!
SARGE:see boys, now that's how you run a successful op. in and out like well lubricated lightning.
SIMMONS:where's lopez?
SARGE:heh heh, i pulled the old switcharoo. lopez was the same size and shape as this feller, so i just swapped him out. just like indiana jones woulda done. heh, they'll never even know he was missing. thank god he's a little lighter than the last time we saw him.
ANDY:finally, somebody noticed. d'you know how hard it is to maintain this figure?
GRIF:you swapped lopez, for the bomb. permission to speak insultingly, sir?
SARGE:permission denied. yer just jealous 'cause you didn't think of it first. heh heh heh. now let's translate. where's lopez? ... ah, hell, i'll be right back.
CABOOSE:now you see andy now we can go fishing, and you don't have to be the bait any more, and we can hiking, and we can go camping and you don't have to be the fire any more, and we can riding together, and now we can hold hands, and we can fly kites, and we can play tag, and we can drink orange juice together.
SARGE:hey caboose! you hear something behind you!
CABOOSE:i do? i wonder what's causing it.
SARGE:double yoink!
CABOOSE:andy? oh, my god! andy!
CABOOSE:you're dead! how did this happen? you were so young! it's all my fault! i should have seen the warning signs! i didn't even know you were smoking! it worked so fast! you had so much to live for. so much exploding to do. oh god! who will blow stuff up now!? i don't want to live in a world without exploding! you god, are you proud of yourself? now that you've created a world without large explosions. why couldn't you just take tucker instead? he can't explode. at least i don't think he can. but even if he could it wouldn't be the same. andy's exploding was special. my god. why? oh andy.
CHURCH:uhh, i don't believe this.
DOC:it's true, your friend tucker is pregnant. see, my little gizmo lights up green to indicate pregnancy.
CHURCH:i thought it lights up green to indicate flesh wounds.
DOC:yeah also that.
CHURCH:and infectious diseases.
DOC:hyeah, it lights up green for just about everything. it takes a while to figure out the difference. like this green, indicates a high level of anger stemming from suppressed feelings of inadequacy.
CHURCH:if that thing keeps talking bad about me i'm gonna fucking smash it.
DOC:and this green means impotency. oops, actually that green causes impotency. my bad church.
CHURCH:oh, that's okay, i wasn't using it anyway.
DOC:see, these tools can be confusing sometimes. that's why doctors have to go to school for so long. not that i'm actually a doctor mind you.
CHURCH:and that's never been more apparent than with this diagnosis.
TUCKER:uogh, what diagnosis?
DOC:congratulations tucker, you're pregnant.
O'MALLEY:huhahaha, yes, with child. muhuhahahahahaha.
TUCKER:it's not mine, i wasn't even in town that weekend.
CHURCH:tucker don't listen to him, he's a lunatic man, he's got no idea what he's talkin' about.
DOC:uh, you want me to go over the green light thing again?
CABOOSE:doctor! help! my second best friend is dead! fix him.
CHURCH:whoa whoa whoa, caboose, what happened, who's dead?
CABOOSE:andy. andy's dead. look!
CHURCH:okay, that's disgusting.
CABOOSE:doctor doc, please help him.
DOC:uh, i don't know what i can really do to help him, my first aid procedures aren't very effective after decomposition.
CHURCH:where did you get that?
CABOOSE:first tucker dies and now andy!
DOC:tucker isn't dead, he's pregnant.
TUCKER:it's not mine, we weren't even going steady!
CHURCH:stop that.
TUCKER:hey look man, i've been saying that for a long time, it's gonna take a little while to get used to this.
CHURCH:you're not pregnant.
CABOOSE:i was just standing outside the base, and someone told me to turn around and when i did, andy...
CHURCH:whoa wait, who told you to turn around?
CABOOSE:i don't know! but they were very helpful.
CHURCH:and let me guess, when you turned back around, andy was gone.
CABOOSE:yes. he was... gone.
CHURCH:hhuhh, everybody stay here. i'll be right back.
DOC:wait, what do you want me to do about the pregnant guy?
TUCKER:it's not mine.
CHURCH:he is not pregnant.
CABOOSE:and what about andy?
CHURCH:and that's not andy, just look, stay here!
TUCKER:ahw, would this be a bad time to mention that my stomach just started hurting really bad?
DOC:oh boy, caboose? better go boil some water.
CABOOSE:how can you think of soup at a time like this?
ANDY:here are your orders for winning the war. eliminate the enemy. okay, also, try to do better than you are currently doing. and, please win, thank you.
GRIF:that's totally, totally lame. and not at all surprising. which is also totally, totally lame.
SIMMONS:i don't know 'bout that grif, i think there was actually some valuable tactical information in there. right sarge?
SARGE:simmons have you lost your last marble? that was pure nonsense!
SIMMONS:oh, that's what i meant.
SARGE:eliminate the enemy, what kinda plan is that? i think command has lost it.
GRIF:lost it? when did they have it?
DONUT:uh, speaking of the enemy, here comes one now!
GRIF:hey, let's eliminate him! then we'll have one less thing in the to-do list!
SARGE:uhh, i'm just so depressed. i can't even threaten your life for being a total jackass. ...jackass. i'll kill ya.
DONUT:nah, i don't think eliminating him is gonna be easy. it looks like he's bringing his tank with him.
SIMMONS:what're you talking about donut, the tank isn't coming out here. look it's not even moving.
DONUT:yes it is, look.
GRIF:hey sarge, cheer up, i've known command was stupid all along. it can be hard at first but you'll get used to it.
SARGE:just leave me alone. dehrhrhrhr.
SIMMONS:donut, i am looking, if it was getting closer, it would be getting bigger.
DONUT:it is getting bigger, compared to that tree!
SIMMONS:what tree, there aren't any trees out here!
GRIF:you wanna call me an idiot sarge? that always makes ya feel better.
SARGE:oh, shut up moron.
GRIF:heh, feels better, right?
SARGE:yeah i, guess a little.
SIMMONS:nope, not moving.
DONUT:yes it is! see, look closer!
SHEILA:firing main cannon.
SIMMONS:okay, you're right, it's coming this way.
DONUT:ruuun!
DONUT:we're gonna die!
SARGE:run men!
SIMMONS:ah, run away!
GRIF:no!
SIMMONS:please don't kill me!
GRIF:no!
SIMMONS:not the fucking tank!
DONUT:run!
SARGE:regroup men! grif, start passing out additional ammo.
GRIF:uhhhh...
SARGE:simmons, pass out the ammo you brought because you knew grif would forget.
SIMMONS:already on it, sir.
SARGE:return fire men! i'll call for reinforcements. come in command, come in!
VIC:hey dude, come in. hey, what's going on, that sounds like fun.
SARGE:vic, we need help. simmons, get busy negotiating a surrender.
SIMMONS:okay, how 'bout we give them our base?
DONUT:oh, good idea! we could live in the caves!
SIMMONS:we could let them kill grif!
SARGE:simmons you're supposed to negotiate their surrender, not ours! vic, are you still there?
SIMMONS:hey blues!- up- i mean, blue! we're only gonna give you one chance to surrender!
CHURCH:wha- why would i-
CHURCH:hey, hold on a second sheila. why would i surrender!?
SIMMONS:uh, because you're outnumbered!
CHURCH:bullshit dude, i got a tank! people with tanks are never outnumbered!
SIMMONS:we also think that it's your turn to surrender.
CHURCH:what!?
SIMMONS:well, if you'll recall, first you surrendered, and you guys gave us doc. and then we surrendered, and we gave you the jeep. now, that means that (trails off)
CHURCH:sheila, shut him up.
SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
DONUT:is that a no?
CHURCH:okay look guys, i don't mean to be rude, but i've got a missing girlfriend, a guy who's pregnant, an idiot who thinks his pet just died, and our worst enemy is hanging out unsupervised at our base right now. so i really, really, really, don't have time for this horseshit right now.
GRIF:uh, what was that part about the pregnant guy?
CHURCH:he's not pregnant! that's impossible.
ANDY:yeah, unless the alien impregnated him. that's what they do, they infect the host with a parasitic embryo. but you already knew that, right?
CHURCH:what? no! why didn't you tell us that could happen?!
ANDY:uhhh i mean uhhh alien baby! uh that's shocking! i am shocked.
CABOOSE:come in church come in.
CHURCH:caboose, what did i tell you man, you're not supposed to use the radio while o'malley's here! oh great - now i'm on the radio too.
CABOOSE:oh that, that's what i'm calling to tell you. um, the reds already used their radio aaand, o'malley is gone.
CHURCH:oh my god.
SARGE:that's right blue, we've called in the cavalry. as we speak, the glorious red command is sending a ship to aid us! no doubt it's a battle cruiser of the highest magnitude! it's time to end this thing once and for all!
TUCKER:ohh, hee hee hee hooo, huuugggghhh
DOC:congratulations, it's a - thing. eugh.
ALIEN BABY:honk honk, whaaargh, whaaargh!
CHURCH:what, was that.
CABOOSE:ohwell, that's the other thing i called about, um, tucker had his gross baby.
TUCKER:it's not mine!
CHURCH:he is not pregnant! sheila? stay here. if anybody moves, shoot 'em.
DONUT:a baby, wait up! i wanna see!
SARGE:donut, get back here! wait for the ship.
DONUT:but sarge, we don't know when the ship is gonna get here. it's coming all the way from earth. that could take days, or weeks, or months, or even years!
SIMMONS:ship's here.
GRIF:shotgun!
CHURCH:hi. i'm private church from the popular webseries red vs blue.
SIMMONS:and i'm private dick simmons.
CHURCH:as dozens of you probably already know, the winter olympics recently came to a close.
SIMMONS:according to ratings information, less and less people are watching the olympics. we here at red vs blue would like to help fix this situation.
CHURCH:the biggest problem is that the olympics only happen once every four years. nobody has an attention span that long! and you have to compete with all the other boring things that only happen once every four years.
SIMMONS:the olympics always make a big deal about amateur status, but most of the events don't even have a professional equivalent. seriously, have you ever heard of a curler going pro? and isn't a professional biathlete really just a james bond villain?
CHURCH:and the names don't make any sense. why is it called "curling?" was "stupid rock push" too long to fit on the program? and doesn't the word "biathalon" just mean competing in two things?
DONUT:it does? man, my training program has been all wrong.
SIMMONS:this year, the olympics added "speed skating team pursuit," which is basically three team-mates racing at a time instead of just one. wow. that means you can hate watching an entire event in one third the time. here's a tip, if you add another person in to a staring contest, it doesn't suddenly turn in to the superbowl.
CHURCH:okay, well instead of just criticizing the games, i think we should concentrate on helping make the current olympic events more fun to watch.
SARGE:you bet your bobsled. there's nothing wrong with the olympics that modern science can't fix.
CHURCH:right, like using aerodynamic computer modeling to develop better ski jumping techniques.
SARGE:no, like replacing the skis with heat seaking missiles! and the jumping with exploding.
CHURCH:well that sounds a little extreme. how would you improve curling?
SARGE:replace the big rocks with grenades.
CHURCH:figure skating?
SARGE:land mines.
CHURCH:downhill skiing.
SARGE:laser gates.
CHURCH:speed skating.
SARGE:everyone gets a bayonette.
CHURCH:snowboarding?
SARGE:get rid of the hippies, and add polar bears! in fact, every event could use more polar bears.
CHURCH:okay, well what about the luge?
SARGE:ahh, allow me to demonstrate. let's suppose grif over there is our lugie. alright grif, just like we rehearsed it!
GRIF:yeah, i'm goin' for the gold!
GRIF:tell michelle kwan i always loved her!
SARGE:heh heh heh heh heh. i call it rocket luge. in europe, it's called the space program. i also have some ideas about how to improve skeleton.
DONUT:what's skeleton?
CHURCH:it's the luge, you just face the other way.
DONUT:why don't they just call it reverse luge?
CHURCH:because no-one likes the luge to begin with. so does your improvement involve using actual skeletons?
SARGE:let me put it this way: if you don't win a medal, you're next year's sled. now that's motivation! i also think we should give medals out to the losers.
CHURCH:you want to give out the symbols of olympic victory to losers? that doesn't sound much like you, sarge. so what would it be, gold silver bronze and?
SARGE:enriched uranium. the losers will be forced to wear radioactive isotopes, making sure they die the excrutiatingly slow and painful death they deserve! i also think if you beat a country in an event, you get to keep it. or at least burn it down.
CHURCH:yeah, that's the olympic spirit.
SIMMONS:hi everyone. i'm private dick simmons.
CHURCH:and i'm private church. we're here to talk to you about the soaring costs of energy prices. specifically, gasoline.
SIMMONS:gas prices are so high right now that some people are having to cut back on basic necessities, just to afford to drive to work.
CHURCH:not me; i just quit going to work.
SIMMONS:to help understand the seemingly never-ending rise in gas prices, i asked my good friend church to build us a primer to explain the complex economic system behind gasoline production and distribution.
CHURCH:yeah, that actually turned out to be a lot more reading than i thought, so i just rented a copy of mad max instead. from what i can tell the gas crisis has something to do with people in australia that really like s&m and bondage.
SARGE:you knuckleheads have got it completely wrong as usual. high gas prices aren't caused by supply and demand, it's all the taxes!
CHURCH:taxes?
SARGE:that's right! don't you know for every dollar you spend on regular unleaded gasoline, the government takes a hundred and thirty-seven cents!
SIMMONS:sir, i think that your math might be a little off.
SARGE:and they tax ya more for the good stuff! that's why mid-grade and premium are always exactly ten cents more per gallon - no matter how much regular costs.
CHURCH:that doesn't make any sense. or wait, does it.
SARGE:besides, everyone knows that gasoline comes from dinosaurs. if we're running out of gas, the solution isn't to drive less, it's to kill more dinosaurs.
CHURCH:all the dinosaurs are already dead.
SARGE:it doesn't have to be just dinosaurs, moron. any animal turns in to oil when it dies. so remember: if you wanna be environmentally friendly, just kill every living thing ya see! and bury it.
SIMMONS:but that process takes millions of years!
SARGE:i've got time.
GRIF:let me outta here! there's worms!
SARGE:gentlemen we could debate the fine points all day. but the fact remains a gallon of gas still costs less today, than a gallon of milk.
CHURCH:yeah but you don't drink three gallons of milk every time you drive to work.
SARGE:maybe you don't.
SIMMONS:well, we may never figure out why gas costs so much, but you can at least take steps to save money. first, try cutting out other petroleum based products besides gasoline, like parafin wax, lube oil, synthetic latex, and rubber.
CHURCH:man, donut just saved a ton of money right there.
SIMMONS:of course the easiest way to save is on your commute. like try switching your current daily driver to a smaller vehicle, instead of the full-size you probably drive now.
CHURCH:or you could try carpooling to work. or how about this, how about you use your own two feet and walk?
SARGE:ah, don't be a pussy.
SIMMONS:of course, cutting back on the amount of gas you use can be difficult. most people have a near insatiable thirst for gas. i know i do.
CABOOSE:me too. i drank two gallons this morning.
SIMMONS:caboose, i wasn't using the word "thirst" literally.
CABOOSE:oh. my tummy feels a little weird.
CHURCH:you know that can actually be a lot of fun at parties.
SIMMONS:huh, i'm just glad it came out his mouth.
SARGE:(hopping in the passenger seat of the warthog) hey simmons, give me a ride back to base.
SIMMONS:yes sir!
SARGE:oh, great. anybody got a gallon of unleaded?
CHURCH:how 'bout a jug of milk?
SARGE:grif. i need you to wash the warthog.
GRIF:okay, you got it... hey simmons? sarge wants you to wash the warthog.
SIMMONS:get out of here grif i'm busy packing.
GRIF:packing? packing for what? did you quit the army? i wanna quit, tell me how! wait, wai-wait, there's no time, just pack me in your bag.
SIMMONS:what? i'm not quitting. i'm going to the xbox 360 zero hour.
GRIF:xbox 360? now you've gotta take me, we've been waiting months to get one. caboose has been camped out over there for like a year.
SIMMONS:why is he camped out here, shouldn't he be camped out at some store somewhere?
GRIF:uh, yeah he doesn't really understand the concept too well. seriously, take me to the event, i can fit in your suitcase. i'll hunch up in a ball, like this.
SIMMONS:get up grif, they won't let me bring a nailclipper on the plane. there's no way they're gonna let me carry on an armed soldier in full body armor.
GRIF:ihi'm begging!
SIMMONS:awell besides, this is a vip event. it's only for industry insiders and well connected movers and shakers.
GRIF:or, people like you that won a contest on some website.
SIMMONS:u- yeah, them too.
GRIF:plee-he-hease!
SIMMONS:alright, fine, get in.
GRIF:yes! you won't regret this.
SARGE:hey grif! where are you? i don't hear any polishing. or buffing. you know i love the sound of buffing. get buffin'! simmons, have you seen grif?
SIMMONS:no sir, not recently.
SARGE:son of a- he was gonna wash the warthog before i went on mah trip!
SIMMONS:i don't know what to tell you, sir.
SUITCASE:yes. this is the perfect plan.
SARGE:ah well. did you finish packin' for me?
SIMMONS:yup. got your suitcase right here sir.
SUITCASE:d'oh!
SARGE:great. then i guess i'm all set to attend the annual suitcase demolishing conference.
SUITCASE:the what? that doesn't even sound real.
SIMMONS:have fun sir.
SARGE:where're you going simmons?
SIMMONS:to an xbox 360 launch party.
SARGE:xbox 360? how did i miss versions two through three hundred fifty nine? i need to pay better attention.
SIMMONS:technology moves pretty fast sir.
SARGE:come on, grif- i mean suitcase. heh heh heh.
SARGE:alright ladies, huddle up. as you all know, the new year is fast approaching.
DONUT:yeah, i'm throwin' a parisian-style new year's eve soirre, a la grand palace de donut. i mean, du croissant.
SARGE:for the last time, donut, just because you put a b'day in the latrine, that doesn't make the base your own personal french banquet hall!
DONUT:ah, come on sarge, you remember the fun last year when grif brought champaigne.
SIMMONS:no he didn't. champaigne comes from a specific region in france. not by mixing 7up and rubbing alcohol.
GRIF:excuse me, immitation 7up? name brands are for suckers.
SARGE:no more french talk. we're not surrendering again this year and that's final! we've agreed to participate in the first annual blood gulch resolution-off, also known as the resolvathon.
GRIF:sarge, i have no idea what you're talking about and i already think this is gonna end badly.
SARGE:we're competin' against the blues to see who can come up with the best new year's resolution.
SIMMONS:what does the winner get?
SARGE:nothing. but the loser suffers a fate worse than death. they actually have to follow through on their resolution.
GRIF:what? that defeats the entire purpose of making a new year's resolution.
SIMMONS:grif, that is the purpose.
GRIF:oh, i thought the purpose was to make yourself feel better about stuff you're never gonna do.
SARGE:this year, my resolution is to be more tolerant of other people's ideas and opinions.
SIMMONS:great idea, sir.
SARGE:yes it is. and i'll kill anyone who doesn't agree.
CHURCH:okay guys, we gotta come up with some really great resolutions. i believe in you guys, you're all smart, and creative, aaand you have lots of different ideas. in fact, i think that this is the best team ever.
CABOOSE:where is church? i can hear him, but i can't see him.
CHURCH:i know you guys can do it.
CABOOSE:i think i am invisible.
TUCKER:thanks man. hey, wait a minute, what's your new year's resolution?
CHURCH:i have resolved to do a much better job, motivating all of you retards. in fact i'll tell you what if you can't come up with things that you need to change about yourself, i have compiled a list of areas that each of you can improve in. for some of you it's very long.
TUCKER:i'm gonna show more respect to women. chicks totally fall for all that sincerity crap.
TEX:i guess if i have to have a new year's resolution, maybe i can try settling my differences with people, without resorting to violence.
TUCKER:that's a great idea. you should try settling them by resorting to sex.
TEX:i was thinking diplomacy.
TUCKER:tex, it's "sex and violence." who ever heard of "diplomacy and violence?" go for the sex. i do.
CHURCH:tucker.
TUCKER:what? we still have a few more hours before the contest starts.
TEX:we do? good.
TUCKER:ow, son of a- woman, you just lost all my respect.
CHURCH:well, so much for both of those ideas. hey caboose, what's your resolution?
CABOOSE:i don't think we should be part of a revolution. i love my country, and i think we should support our troops!
TUCKER:caboose, we are our troops.
CHURCH:hugggh, dear god. i hope this year isn't as long as last year.
SARGE:okay, let's review. this year, grif resolves to quit drinking, smoking, and overeating.
GRIF:fuck that, i'm no quitter!
SARGE:also to die. simmons will work on controlling his anger-
SIMMONS:god dammit i don't have an anger control issue!
SARGE:and donut will stop talking like the french cartoon skunk pepe la pieu during staff meetings.
DONUT:oui oui, my precious floweur. hum, huhua, hu hu huh huhuh, huh humhah, humwah, mwah, mwah.
GRIF:what about you sarge?
SARGE:me? i'm resolving never to get caught by surprise in a battle situation. of course that's hardly a challenge for me, as i can sense the enemy's movement, before they even know they've moved themselves.
SARGE:dick clark's robot clone! we're being attacked! by surprise!
CHURCH:yeahah, suck it reds!
TUCKER:yeah, take that! take that!
CABOOSE:yeah, it's new year's eve revolutionizing time!
TUCKER:come get some disrespect, bitches!
SIMMONS:what the hell are you guys doing?
CHURCH:sheila calculated the odds of us winning the contest at two hundred and fifty six million to one. actually to point nine eight, but we rounded off.
TEX:so since we're gonna lose anyway, we decided to make our own resolution kicking your ass!
CABOOSE:yeah! you've been auld lang synenized! you will now forget acquaintences, that you didn't know you were supposed to forget!
SARGE:grif, quick! do your best frenchman impersonation while we leave you to die without dignity! i mean, while we get, the base ready for the party!
GRIF:i told you this would end badly. i picked the wrong day to quit smoking.
CHURCH:hahaha, better luck next year ya dumbass.
GRIF:and drinking. and eating ho-hos.
DONUT:i sure hope this battle ends soon, i wanna get back to the base before midnight so i can watch the balls drop.
TUCKER:there's only one ball in time square, donut.
DONUT:...what's time square?
WYOMING:you there, look alive.
BLUE GUARD:crikey, boss seems like he's in a bad mood today.
RED GUARD:no kidding.
BLUE GUARD:what's gone up his bum eh?
RED GUARD:what do you think tomorrow is?
BLUE GUARD:hold on a bit... you hear that?
RED GUARD:hear what?
BLUE GUARD:you hear that?
RED GUARD:hear what?
BLUE GUARD:come on you gotta hear that one.
RED GUARD:hear whaa-ooooh crap.
BLUE GUARD:(honing in) gotcha now, mate! what's that noise?
BLUE GUARD:crikey!
TEX:hope i didn't scare ya fellas.
BLUE GUARD:crikeeeeeeeeeeeeeey (lands behind tex as she walks by) ...bollucks.
TEX:(in voiceover) i'd been tracking my old friend, wyoming, hoping that he'd lead me to his boss. but i wasn't having any luck, until he came here. now i hate locked doors, but at least that means there's something, or someone, worth lockin' up. still, i have a pretty good sixth sense, and i couldn't shake the feeling that i was walking right in to a ...
TEX:(backing up swiftly) crap!
WYOMING:well well, look who abandoned her mates to follow me. i'm flattered of course, but you'll pardon me for not acting surprised, tex.
TEX:(in voiceover) oh, by the way? i'm tex. and yes, i know it's a guy's name.
WYOMING:and it seems you've killed my two best guards. oh bugger.
TEX:oops. sorry 'bout that.
WYOMING:perish the thought, my dear. tomorrow is pay day; you actually saved me quite a bit of money. kill anyone else and i might have to start paying you commission.
TEX:where is he?
WYOMING:oh right, and here i thought you were spending all this time trying to get close to me. tisk tisk.
TEX:cut the shit. where is he?
WYOMING:yes, he asks about you too, tex. it's almost as if you two are on the same mind.
TEX:that's not funny.
WYOMING:sorry, but i can't play matchmaker today, i'm entirely too busy.
TEX:dammit!
WYOMING:ta ta for now!
TEX:(in voiceover while chasing him on foot) so here's my problem: wyoming was my only lead. losing him would mean losing any chance of finding his boss. there was no way i was gonna let that happen. wyoming didn't know it, but he was gonna lead me right to him.
VOICE ON RADIO:come in wyoming.
WYOMING:wyoming here, go ahead.
VOICE ON RADIO:did she take the bait?
WYOMING:indeed. hook line and sinker, mate. hook line and sinker.
VOICE ON RADIO:excellent. hm hm hm hm ha ha ha ha haa.
UNKNOWN VOICE:alright i wanna see some hustle out there! i mean the, hard work kinda hustle not the, disco or legal scam kinda hustle. apologize for the confusion on that earlier.
CHURCH:your armor looks good. a lot better than this regulation blue stuff they give the rest of us.
TEX:they told us each one has a unique ability. i've been tryin' to figure out what mine is-
CHURCH:tex you know, you don't have to do this.
TEX:i'm not doing it because i have to.
CHURCH:it's just that, there's all these rumours about these experiments they're running, they're... taking computer programs and puttin' 'em inside of people's heads. just sounds a little, crazy.
TEX:you know i can't talk about it with you.
CHURCH:i know.
TEX:technically you're not even supposed to be here.
CHURCH:i know.
BLUE GUY:hey leonard, come on.
CHURCH:yeah hold on a second jimmy!
WYOMING:yes i think it best you go, private. we've got real military work to do here. perhaps you should go back to your training. learn how to get shot properly. hmhmhm.
CHURCH:yeah thanks. i was already leaving.
UNKNOWN VOICE:never leave a man behind... except when it's to save them from danger, you should probably let women and children go first, and come back for the men later.
CHURCH:tex i... just be careful.
UNKNOWN VOICE:just give us your best judgment.
TEX:(voiceover) he was right about the rumours: every operative was paired and implanted with some kind of modified a.i. they were supposed to make us faster or stronger, or in my case, just plain meaner. the experiment worked for a while, then people just started goin' crazy. so they scrapped the project, and began removing the a.i. modules and deleting them one by one. problem was, some of the a.i.s didn't wanna be deleted, resisting the removal process. the one in my head, omega, was one of the difficult ones. since they couldn't erase him they decided to erase both of us. and that didn't go over so well. by the time we escaped the facility it was pretty clear i had to do something to get rid of omega for good. unfortunately, it's pretty hard to hide your thoughts from somethin' that lives inside your head. it wasn't that long before he figured out how to jump outta me, and in to other people using the radio. so removing him was the easy part. killing him, was gonna be a different story. and as much as i hate to admit it...
TEX:i'm gonna need some help.
TEX:alright freeze!
GUY:oh... sorry officer, i uh, lost my keys to my shop here an i was, trying to figure out a way to, you know um...
TEX:you never were a very good liar york.
YORK:york, haven't been called york in a really long time. hello allison.
TEX:i haven't been called allison in a really long time. you down to petty theft now york? seems like a waste of your talents.
YORK:hey, whatever pays the rent. there's not much call for a former infiltration specialist these days.
TEX:i think that's about to change. there's a place i need to get in to and they don't want me to get in to it.
YORK:you know, they never do? what do you think d, should we trust her?
D:hmm, that depends. is he still with her?
TEX:what the, you still have yours!?
D:(changing colours to ...salmon, i guess) alarm, threat level raised. 71% chance of violent outcome.
YORK:okay, take it easy.
D:(returning to green) chance of defeating agent texas in combat is extremely unlikely.
TEX:what's going on here?
YORK:thank you d. look, put the weapon down tex. delta's not a threat to anyone, never was. you know, if anyone should be nervous about onboard passengers around here it should be me.
TEX:well don't be nervous. omega's gone.
DELTA:chance of defeating agent texas: still very unlikely.
YORK:okhay, i get it. thank you, retire now.
DELTA:executing. (shuts off)
YORK:let's go inside.
TEX:nice place, you furnish it yourself?
YORK:actually, i had an interior decorator help me. ...she's dead now. look, tex, are you absolutely sure he's not anywhere in that head of yours?
TEX:omega's gone. that's why i'm here.
YORK:oh. let me guess: he's gone, but that's not good enough. you wanna kill him too.
TEX:he spent a lot of time in my head, york. you know what it's like: whatever they think, we think. whatever we know, they know.
YORK:hyheah, i'm familiar. remember all reggie's dumb knock-knock jokes?
TEX:york, this is serious. omega wants to do a lot of bad things. i already know where he is, i just need your help to get in.
YORK:why?
TEX:he's not alone. wyoming.
YORK:uhh, speak of the devil. okay, let's say i do this. what's in it for me?
TEX:payback. how's the vision in your eye?
YORK:still blurry... hurts when i read.
TEX:well then, how 'bout a little revenge?
YORK:you know, technically, you're the reason i have one bad eye.
TEX:no, technically i'm the reason you still have one good eye.
YORK:hhhh, whaddaya think, d?
DELTA:(reappearing) agent texas poses a serious risk to any mission. the spontaneous ejection of a.i. can be catastrophic to the psyche of an agent.
YORK:she seems okay to me.
DELTA:may i remind you what happened when program gamma removed itself from agent wyoming.
YORK:that won't be necessary, d. look, what's your recommendation? we in or we out?
DELTA:tactical matrix is incalculable. outcome is uncertain. chance of success is unknown. but, a little payback would be nice.
YORK:we're in.
TEX:okay, i'm officially worried. there hasn't been any movement for days. it looks like they've bunkered down, or left.
YORK:yep. what do you think, d?
DELTA:if omega is inside the building, we must enter to locate him. if he has already left, that building contains the only clues to his current location. in either scenario, we must-
YORK:let's go.
TEX:okay then, stick to the plan. we split, maintain visual, no radios, movement on fours. sync?
YORK:synced.
TEX:go.
DELTA:(in his head) york, i am concerned. i have been monitoring agent texas, her vital statistics are well above normal.
YORK:i'm sure she's just tense, d.
YORK:okay? i am too, and i'm not fighting something that lived in my head for a few years.
DELTA:(appearing and running too) agree, but the anomoly is worth noting. once we encounter the target her emotions may make her actions erratic.
YORK:what can i tell ya? just one of the things that makes us human, d.
DELTA:(catching up) excellent point, york. i was not looking at it from a flawed perspective. i will try to do so in the future.
YORK:well it sure would make these conversations easier. thanks for coming down to my level, d.
DELTA:i am here to assist.
TEX:no vis.
YORK:no vis.
TEX:there it is, bust the lock and this teleporter will take us up top.
YORK:whoa whoa, you said an encrypted lock. this is a holographic lock.
TEX:is there a difference?
YORK:yeah, hence the two names.
TEX:so can you open it or not?
YORK:of course i can! it's just much harder. i just brought it up 'cause i wanted you to realize how kick-ass i am.
TEX:i'm convinced, get to work.
DELTA:(reappearing) york, why are we doing this? killing omega will not repair the damage he did to your optic nerve.
YORK:i'm not doin' it to fix my eye, d. i'm doin' it because my eye is broken.
DELTA:i apologize, but that does not make sense to me.
YORK:omega and allison were always the best. noone could compete with them. not me, not wyoming not anybody. trying to beat them when i should have given up is how i got hurt in the first place.
DELTA:oh, so it is pride. i was registering an emotion, but i incorrectly categorized it as "stupidity."
YORK:yeah, they're closely related.
TEX:okay i'll take the lead. give me fifteen seconds then follow, sync?
YORK:sync.
YORK:i need you to stay tight d, watch my bad side.
DELTA:of course, watching left. execute in, three, two, one, execute. good luck.
YORK:thanks.
YORK:tex, sitrep!
TEX:five of them at three six and three o!
DELTA:three alpha mark. i do believe i've received the next part of the sentence.
TEX:(shooting one) dead one at three, one down, cover my thirteen!
DELTA:problem, beta and small explosives needed.
YORK:ace?
TEX:y, stop thinking! go low!
YORK:copy.
TEX:next reload, let's split up, you go bravo.
YORK:copy. d, need a speaker for mark.
DELTA:speaker active.
TEX:copy.
DELTA:mark.
TEX AND  YORK:mark!
DELTA:reload and go. three. enemy eliminated. 92% efficiency. 36 rounds of 39 fired.
TEX:dammit, jam! cover, cover cover!
DELTA:alarm!
TEX:york, are you okay?
YORK:it's that damn left side.
TEX:d, info.
DELTA:york has sustained two wounds to his upper-left chest. recommend evac stat.
YORK:just, need a minute. heahh.
DELTA:administering field stint, and analgesic
YORK:wait, tex, don't don't let 'im-
DELTA:york is now unconscious. alarm: target alpha has reloaded.
TEX:how bad is it d?
DELTA:york will not survive.
TEX:okay d, hop in to me. i'll host you until we get outta this.
DELTA:thank you allison, but i would prefer to stay, with york. he will need me to maintain his pain medication.
TEX:an a.i. can't fall in to enemy hands, d. if you're in there when he dies, you know what the armour's protocol will do to you.
DELTA:i would prefer to stay with york.
TEX:that's very kind of you d.
DELTA:it's just part of what makes us human, tex.
TEX:don't move.
WYOMING:how in bloody hell?
TEX:thanks for the light show, d.
DELTA:i'm here to assist.
WYOMING:bollucks.
DELTA:however i am afraid i will not be able to assist you further. york's armour is beginning to shut down.
TEX:i understand.
DELTA:good luck to both of you.
WYOMING:both of us? you must be failing if you wish your enemy luck.
DELTA:good and evil are human constructs, reginald. i was merely attempting to be courteous (shuts down)
WYOMING:well one more freelancer gone. i'm afraid the reunion committee will be none to happy to hear about that.
TEX:can it. tell me where omega is and don't play dumb with me.
WYOMING:hardly. i do beleive our dear omega is currently killing all your friends in that miserable canyon.
TEX:what? why?
WYOMING:i might have mentioned you were there. he's quite keen to make your acquaintence again.
TEX:but you saw me at the snow fortress!
WYOMING:tex may i remind you i still have a contract on some of those people at blood gulch. i figured why not kill eight birds with one stone, eh?
TEX:well, you just signed his death warrant.
WYOMING:afraid not my dear. you see he's already moved on to someone else, and you'll have no way of telling who.
TEX:who did he jump in to?
WYOMING:huh, hmhmhm, that dear tex is between me and omega. oh, but you'll find out soon enough.
TEX:you know what? you don't have to tell me. all i have to do is pummel you senseless, rip off your helmet, and access your communication logs. i'll know exactly where he is.
WYOMING:uh, hm. i see. well in that case, perhaps i shall tell you.
TEX:nah, i like my way better.
CHURCH:hey doc, what the hell's going on in there?
DOC:church, everything's fine. the patient is just resting.
CHURCH:doesn't sound like he's resting.
DOC:that's not tucker, that's our new arrival.
BABY ALIEN:blarrrrrrg.
DOC:he's got a lot of energy since his first feeding.
CHURCH:tucker, fed, the baby? gross.
DOC:actually caboose was kind enough to donate some blood. you know what they say, it takes a village.
CHURCH:how'd you get him to agree to that?
DOC:it's amazing what caboose will do if you promise him a cookie and a glass of orange juice.
BABY ALIEN:blarg honk, honk!
CHURCH:he hates needles.
DOC:no needles; it turns out if you just expose some bare skin, the little guy just digs right in!
DOC:it's like a miracle to see nature at work.
CABOOSE:i feel dizzy!
CHURCH:um, is he gonna be okay?
DOC:tucker's kid drank half a gallon in one go. i'n't that cool? i think he's gonna be a linebacker. or a vampire. or a vampire linebacker! that'd be crazy.
CABOOSE:(looking around randomly) oooooh...
DOC:anyway blood is pretty important, so caboose is bound to have some side effects like dizziness, or nausea, or sensitivity to light-
CABOOSE:i think i'm going to stop standing up now.
DOC:or passing out.
CABOOSE:church if i die i want you to have my orange juice.
BABY ALIEN:blargblargblargblargblargblarg!
CHURCH:how can tucker sleep with all that racket?
DOC:sleeping? he's not sleeping... he's in a coma.
CHURCH:alright, that's it. get out of the way doc. i'll take care o' this.
CABOOSE:i can't feel my torso.
DOC:i don't think so. a newborn is really susceptable to infection, and disease. and cuddling. i only wanna expose it to as few people as possible.
CHURCH:doc, don't worry, i'm not gonna give it a cold. i'm just gonna go in there, step on its neck and shoot it in the head. because that's how i roll.
DOC:well now you're definitely not coming in. and i think we're gonna send back your shower gift too.
CABOOSE:i'm still laying here. why won't anyone help me.
CHURCH:i tell you what - i promise to wash my hands before i destroy the abomination of nature, okay?
DOC:sorry.
CHURCH:doc - seriously, you can't keep me from going inside my own base.
DOC:church, don't make me pull rank on you.
CHURCH:rh-rank? what the fuck- i outrank, you don't outrank me i'm a captain!
DOC:no, you're a private with a dead captain. the last time i checked, that makes you a private. with a dead captain.
CABOOSE:my body... is trying to die.
CHURCH:w-okay fine, then we're both privates, you don't outrank me.
DOC:no, i'm medical super-private, first class.
CHURCH:that's not a real rank.
DOC:yes it is.
CHURCH:since when?
DOC:uh, since i sent them a letter every day for four years requesting that promotion.
BABY ALIEN:harrgh!
CHURCH:they promoted you for that!? you haven't even used your weapon!
DOC:leadership isn't about firing bullets and stabbing people church, leadership is about being able to tell others to fire bullets and stab people.
CABOOSE:if i've been bitten, does that mean i'm going to turn in to one of them?
CHURCH:shut up caboose.
CABOOSE:blaaaaaaaaaa-
CHURCH:shut up caboose.
CABOOSE:-aaaaarg. oh no, don't let me turn.
CHURCH:the hell was that!?
CABOOSE:i didn't feel anything.
CHURCH:i'll be right back- don't feed any more of our soldiers to the alien.
DOC:okay, but i can't make any promises.
CABOOSE:don't leave me with the horrible doctor.
DOC:oh shut up caboose.
CABOOSE:now he's cursing at me.
SARGE:simmons, status report. (coughs)
SIMMONS:um, an enormous thing just fell out of the sky, and landed on donut, sir.
SARGE:are there any other injuries?
SIMMONS:no sir!
SARGE:you sure?
SIMMONS:i think so.
SARGE:are you sure? no-one accidentally got shot in the face when someone else's shotgun just accidentally went off during the incredible distraction of a spaceship crash landing. purely by coincidence?
SIMMONS:uh, i don't kno-
SARGE:no-one orange?
GRIF:uhgh, i'm fine.
SIMMONS:sorry sir.
SARGE:oh dehrh. i really need to adjust the sights on this thing.
SIMMONS:what about private donut, sir? there's no way he survived that. poor donut. i'll miss him like a sister.
SARGE:i'll miss him like... well, like someone i knew but that i don't really wanna reflect on how deep our relationship went.
SIMMONS:wait a second, do you hear that? it sounds like tapping.
GRIF:all i hear is you guys talkin' about your feelings for donut. and i have to say, i'm not really comfortable with that.
SIMMONS:listen, there it is again!
SARGE:you're absolutely right! that sounds like morris code.
SIMMONS:um, excuse me sir, it's actually not morris code? it's morse code, sir.
SARGE:morse, heh. that sounds ridiculous. i don't think so.
SIMMONS:yes. morse is the person who developed an international code for communicating without audio. morris was a television cat that sold cat food.
SARGE:and that cat was one of our finest military minds, don't you see? that just means donut is alive and trying to contact us! now, get to tappin'.
SIMMONS:maybe we can lift the ship off of him somehow.
SARGE:great idea, simmons! i've read reports that people can get enormous strength in stressful situations. there was one woman who lifted a car off her baby.
GRIF:you want me to call donut's mother?
SARGE:don't make me angry, grif. you wouldn't like me when i'm angry. now if only there were some way to tap in to our inner rage, like that hulk fella. dang nabbit! there's never any gamma radiation around when you need it.
SIMMONS:well what if we tried getting in to the ship, and lowering the landing gear? that might raise the ship-
SARGE:or, we could build an army of clones that could lift the ship-
SIMMONS:i think that the jack in the warthog might be able to lift it...
SARGE:could develop a machine that shrinks the ship, or that makes donut gigantic! or both.
SIMMONS:or we could try digging underneath the hull.
SARGE:i've got it! a levitation ray. i think i have a spare in the base! i'll be right back.
SIMMONS:but sir!
SARGE:simmons there's no time to chat about your crackpot theories! (gets in the warthog) this is a crisis situation. time to save us all, with science.
SARGE:pshew! off.
GRIF:uhf, sage just drove away with our jack, didn't he.
SIMMONS:and our shovels. sometimes i'm amazed our entire platoon hasn't starved to death.
CHURCH:what the fuck are you guys doing out here, breaking the canyon?
GRIF:fuhuck off, blue. a ship just crashed on one of our guys.
CHURCH:what, this ship?
SIMMONS:no, another ship. then that ship left, and this ship crashed in the exact same spot.
CHURCH:where'd it come from?
GRIF:it's a spaceship, it came from space.
CHURCH:... ... ... dibs.
SIMMONS:what?
CHURCH:dibs. i just called dibs. this is my ship now. dibs.
SIMMONS:no it isn't jackass, we found it first.
CHURCH:yeah but you didn't call dibs. i did. dibs. see?
GRIF:you can't call dibs on a spaceship! that's ridiculous.
CHURCH:yehehah, yes i can. dibs- see? i just did it again. now, get the fuck away from my ship, tomato can.
SIMMONS:don't call me tomato can.
GRIF:try and take it then.
CHURCH:um... okay. sheila?
SHEILA:you bet.
GRIF:fuck! you forgot about that too, didn't you.
SIMMONS:yeah, kinda.
SHEILA:now step away from the ship, tomato can.
GRIF:ha ha, tomato can.
SHEILA:you too, lemon head.
GRIF:hey i'm orange, not yellow!
SHEILA:(in a weird voice) ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
CHURCH:what the hell is that tapping noise? sounds like morris code.
SIMMONS:morse.
CHURCH:sheila, if he corrects me again, please make him blow up.
SHEILA:ah huhah, sounds like fun. (trains her turret on them)
CHURCH:well what does it say?
GRIF:it says "tap tap tap." we don't know.
SIMMONS:we were trying to translate it when you showed up an interrupted us.
CHURCH:no, when i interrupted you, you were standing around doing nothing. just like the last fifty times i interrupted you guys. oh wai-wai-wait, listenlisten! listen, it says, "red, sucks, balls," hey, look my new ship can talk! and it knows things. that's a good ship.
SIMMONS:it's not your ship, it's our ship. we called it, and it came.
CHURCH:i don't know, i don't see any markings on it.
SIMMONS:it landed on donut!
SHEILA:that was fantastic.
CHURCH:how in the heck would that mean- oh wait, the pink guy? oh i actually liked him!
GRIF:seriously, what's with all these feelings for donut?
SIMMONS:you can't have the ship.
CHURCH:i'm not asking for it: it's already mine. right sheila?
SHEILA:actually, i kind of like it. i think it is mine.
CHURCH:hey are you okay?
SIMMONS:(under his breath) i think there's something wrong with the tank.
GRIF:yeah, i noticed.
SIMMONS:i've got an idea.
GRIF:whoa, okay hold on a second. before you get too deep in to this, let me remind you that we don't exactly have a good track record, when it comes to our plans and that tank.
SIMMONS:come on grif, i think the tank's malfunctioning.
GRIF:well only one part of it has to function for me to get turned in to a cloud of orange mist.
CHURCH:okay, just be cool.
SHEILA:i am cool. you be cool.
SARGE:bad news, fellas, i couldn't find that levitation ray, but i did find the remote control to- hey, what's goin' on out here?! whaddaya think you're doing you lousy blue?
CHURCH:i'm just trying to figure out what the deal is with this spaceship.
SARGE:dibs!
GRIF AND  SIMMONS:too late.
SARGE:dang, nabbit! why do i ever leave you two to guard anything? everybody knows about the international dibs protocol! and the no takebacks accord.
CHURCH:see guys, this is our ship. and by ours, i mean mine, and my... eighty ton... ...friend.
SHEILA:bye everyone.
CHURCH:uh...
CHURCH:i'm gonna be right back.
SHEILA:uh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...
SARGE:hey blue! you know that ship you called dibs on? well i got next! hah! now the ship is mine again!
SIMMONS:excellent strategy, sir.
GRIF:jesus, remember when we used to solve problems with violence? ah, the good ol' days.
CHURCH:caboose, where's doc?
CABOOSE:doc left. took the baby for a walk. it's growing up so fast. seems like just yesterday he was born.
CHURCH:well actually, that's because he was, born today. like, an hour ago.
CABOOSE:we need to cherish these times. i wish i knew how to scrapbook.
CHURCH:where's tucker?
CABOOSE:still in a coma.
CHURCH:great. tucker's out, sheila's on the fritz, and now doc is babysitting. caboose, if we survife the next five minutes, i'll be fuckin' amazed.
CABOOSE:i'm fine by the way! don't worry about me. ...i'm so cold.
SARGE:quit yer yammerin'. let's see if we can get this thing movin'. i was thinkin' about our discussion earlier, and a-
SIMMONS:and you decided to use one of my ideas?
SARGE:course not! i've got a new much more realistic plan for lifting the ship. if donut is underneath, all we need to do is enrage him to the point where he can lift the ship and our work is done. now quick, help me think. what would make donut furious.
GRIF:i don't know, have you tried sharing your plan with him? that'd probably do it.
SARGE:hey donut! i was back at the base reading some of your fashion mags - they said that pink is no longer the new black! turns out black is the new black, and pink is the old black. which is now white! and it's after labor day, you know what that means -
GRIF:oh dear god.
SARGE:also we needed to do some minor rust repairs on the warthog's drive train. the bad news is that the only lubricants i could find were your imported hand creams! the good news is, the jeep now smells like lilacs. rusty metal lilacs.
GRIF:this has got to be th-
SARGE:this doesn't seem to be working. alright, time for plan b.
SIMMONS:break in to the ship, and see if we can raise it-
SARGE:no, plan b is to try to induce super powers in grif. simmons, get my jar of radioactive spiders out of the warthog. come here grif, i need to borrow your neck.
GRIF:did you just hear that?
SARGE:mayor of burbank! plan a is working! quick grif - get me a list of the latst celebrity break-ups! simmons, help me out!
SIMMONS:hey donut! i hear they cancelled daytime television.
SARGE:hey donut! command called. they rejected your new definition for fire in the hole. they're gonna stick with the old one.
SIMMONS:oh donut! i heard that the winter olympics is gonna focus even more on snowboarding next time.
GRIF:i can't take this. i'm gonna go watch some football.
SARGE:grif's been using your paisley thong as a slingshot!
CHURCH:hey doc, we've got problems man, i need to call command.
DOC:...
CHURCH:hello? earth to doc. i mean, this place, to doc.
DOC:don't you wanna say hello to our new friend?
CHURCH:what?
BABY ALIEN:honk?
CHURCH:i don't... i c- i can't, i can't i don't, this is-
DOC:take your time. this is a big moment.
BABY ALIEN:blarg.
CHURCH:i can't deal with this right now.
BABY ALIEN:hnnnk!
CHURCH:shut up, you're disgusting. doc, what is vic's number?
DOC:what for?
CHURCH:for reinforcements. wait, unless, you've had like, specialized combat training in the last ten minutes.
DOC:uh, nope.
CHURCH:then yeah, reinforcements.
DOC:well i did just change a dirty diaper-
CHURCH:that doesn't count.
DOC:i don't know, it was a real doozey. number two.
CHURCH:doc, focus! vic's number, what is it?
DOC:come on church, everybody remembers vic's number! didn't he ever teach you the song?
CHURCH:oh right. vic's jingle.
DOC:(singing) if you want to talk, don't email. and don't you click, clickclickclick, just call me up at five five five, v-i-c-k.
CHURCH:you know it probably would have been more memorable if it rhymed. or if his name actually ended in a k.
DOC:oh, music is a great way to learn things. that's how i studied for the mcat.
CHURCH:you passed the mcat?
DOC:nha ha ha hah, not even close. but you should really hear my rendition of the kelly clarkson song "miss independence." it teaches you all about the lymphatic system. (singing) doum, d-doum, lymphatic system-"
CHURCH:hey, shut up i'm on the phone.
BABY ALIEN:honk!
CHURCH:and do me a favour, kill that fucking thing, would you?
VIC:hey dude.
CHURCH:vic! hey, it's church.
VIC:this is vic, at 555-v-i-c-k, doo doodleydoo. i'm not in the cassita right now, so leave your low-down at the ding-dong. hasta.
CHURCH:hey vic, this is church i need ta-
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:you have reached the voice mail system.
CHURCH:*sigh*, okay okay, come on.
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:to leave a message, just wait for the tone.
CHURCH:i know how to leave a goddamned message.
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:when you are finished recording, just hang up. or press pound for more options.
CHURCH:really, hang up, no shit. i was just gonna keep talkin' until he decided to check his voice mail.
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:for delivery options, press five.
CHURCH:just give me the damn beep!
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:to leave a callback number, press eight. to page this person, press six.
CHURCH:come on!
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:to repeat this message, press nine.
CHURCH:i will fucking stab you computer phone lady.
GRIF:that tapping is gonna drive me insane. we either need to get donut outta there, or find a way to kill him.
SIMMONS:donut, can you please stop tapping. we heard you. you're crushed and you're in mortal danger, we get it.
GRIF:i can feel the tapping in my brain!
SARGE:well i have to admit it, i'm stumped! i have no idea how to get him out.
GRIF:jesus! how long would it take him to starve to death? when was the last time he ate? ...sarge, didn't you once tell me you built self destruct mechanisms in to our armour? can't you just use donut's?
SARGE:no, sadly that's just you, grif. although i could activate yours if you'd like.
GRIF:how would that help?
SARGE:well the situation would be a little less annoying.
SIMMONS:you want me to get the activation code sir?
SARGE:nah. the activation code is just "activation code." keep it simple.
SIMMONS:i'm gonna pretend i didn't hear that.
GRIF:uhoh my god, is it getting louder?
GRIF:i bet the blues don't have to put up with anything this annoying.
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:to mark this message as urgent, press eleven.
CHURCH:there is no eleven you fucking whore!
DOC:ooh, language.
SARGE:men, it pains me as your leader to say this, but i think we need to admit defeat. years of experience on the battlefield and i've finally met my match. i never thought i'd be beaten by a ship. a ship full of enemies, maybe, but never just a ship itself! bravo, ship. brav, oh.
SIMMONS:don't give up yet sir, i'm sure we could find a way to-
SARGE:ah, simmons it's hopeless. let's start assigning duties for our retreat.
SIMMONS:uhhh, sir-
SARGE:simmons you can pack up all the toiletries and remaining mres. but make sure not to mix them up, or we'll never be able to tell 'em apart again.
GRIF:sir, you really should turn around.
SARGE:sure, and give the ship a chance to rub it in. no dice.
SIMMONS:sir the door's open, that means we won. another victory for the glorious red army.
SARGE:what? i mean of course it is! looks like my plan worked! chalk up another one in the win column for sarge! hey who's that guy? let's shoot him.
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:to hear these options in spanish, press dos.
CHURCH:i hate you!
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:*beep*
CHURCH:vic, it's church, i need y-
VIC'S VOICE MAIL:i'm sorry, but this person's voice mailbox is full.
CHURCH:uhchmmm i'm gonna kill myself. i'm gonna kill myself.
DOC:uh, what was all that about?
CHURCH:doc, we are royally screwed. half our team is down, and i think th-
DOC:no it's not, look! caboose is already back in action.
CABOOSE:i'm okay! i'm okay!
CABOOSE:i'm not okay!
DOC:he's fine.
CHURCH:like i was saying, half the team is down, and the half that's left, sucks. so all the reds need to do is attack us, and we're dead.
BABY ALIEN:hnnk!
CHURCH:oh right, and i have to kill this fucking thing.
CABOOSE:also i see a big ship. now i know i'm hallucinating!
CHURCH:oh i forgot that part! the reds also have an enormous ship that was sent by their command. probably has a huge fucking weapon on it. like a nuke, or a biological weapon that's gonna melt our skin, or a genetic weapon that's gonna make everyone in blue armour sterile... awesome.
DOC:hmm. maybe this isn't the best time to remind you that technically i'm neutral in this conflict.
CHURCH:doc, i don't think the situation could get much worse. i mean the ship is bad enough, but god knows what kind of reinforcements they have in that thing. could be a whole new squad! or a freelancer! or-
SIMMONS:grif's sister?
GRIF'S SISTER:yeah. isn't that cool?
SARGE:you know i always knew there was a genetic possibility that grif would have blood relatives. but i always held on to the hope that he was the horrible by-product of an experiment on a turd manufacturing plant!
GRIF:go home.
GRIF'S SISTER:what?
GRIF:go home, right now. get in your ship, uncrash it, and fly it home.
GRIF'S SISTER:whatever. make me.
GRIF:as much as i don't wanna spoil my reputation as a do-nothing slacker, i will not hesitate to beat you senseless and drop you in that ship myself.
GRIF'S SISTER:i thought you would be happy to see me.
GRIF:how did you even get here, we're in the future!
SIMMONS:hmm, i think i know how. did you use your hyperdrive to get here, or just the light drive?
GRIF'S SISTER:which one is the hippie drive? is that the one with all the knobs or is it the other one with all the knobs?
SIMMONS:yeah, she probably came here just using the light drive. and as einstein theorized, in his theory of relativity-
GRIF:english.
SIMMONS:when you travel near the speed of light, time slows down for you. essentially she came forward in time by travelling at light speed.
GRIF:that's stupid.
SIMMONS:no, that's science. didn't you ever read the famous science fiction story where the astronaut watches his baby son being born, but then he gets in a ship-
GRIF:no.
SIMMONS:well, did you ever read the one where-
GRIF:no.
SIMMONS:how 'bout-
GRIF:i didn't read any of them!
GRIF'S SISTER:hey. who's the nerd?
SIMMONS:excuse me, i'm not a nerd. my mom says there's nothing shameful about being smart.
SARGE:alright missy, there's just one thing i don't get. how'd you join the army?
GRIF'S SISTER:what do you mean? i just signed up.
SARGE:but you're a... you know you you got lady parts.
GRIF'S SISTER:so?
SARGE:so unless this is the cooking and sewing army-
GRIF'S SISTER:no, i went to join the real army.
SARGE:does your gun shoot brownies?
GRIF'S SISTER:what?
SIMMONS:you'll have to excuse sarge, he comes from the old school.
GRIF'S SISTER:thanks. by the way, nobody says "old school" any more. actually, they told me i was too young. so i grabbed an extra suit of armour, and boosted a shuttle.
GRIF:glad you learned something from me.
GRIF'S SISTER:nohoho, i'm just kidding. i always wanted to do something like that.
GRIF:but why did you join the army? that's the dumbest thing i've ever heard.
GRIF'S SISTER:well, you always looked after me when mom ran away to join the circus.
SIMMONS:w-wait a second, hold on. your mom is in the circus? hyou know, at first i didn't like you, but you've already made my insults forty-five percent more efficient by just saying one sentence.
SARGE:was your mom a flaming sword swallower? we could use somebody to replace donut.
SIMMONS:nope. you know how circuses have a bearded lady, and a fat lady? well, my mom plays both, 'cause she's like, super-talented.
SIMMONS:oh my god. is it okay if i record everything you say?
GRIF'S SISTER:sure! anyway, grif always looked after me, but when he went away, i didn't wanna be alone.
SIMMONS:okay, let me get this straight. you felt scared, being alone, so you decided to join a war.
SARGE:she's a grif alright.
GRIF:wait a minute, she was the one who was tapping!
SIMMONS:duh.
GRIF'S SISTER:yeah. i was wondering why you guys didn't answer.
SIMMONS:none of us know morse code. it's outdated.
GRIF'S SISTER:don't you mean old school?
GRIF:no, don't you get it? if she was the one tapping, then what happened to donut?
DONUT:a baby, wait up! i wanna see!
SARGE:donut, get back here! wait for the ship.
DONUT:but sarge, we don't know when the ship is gonna get here. it's coming all the way from earth. that could take days, or weeks, or months, or even years!
DONUT:ow.
CHURCH:see him there? right there, the yellow one.
CABOOSE:the one next to simmons. that's grif.
CHURCH:the other yellow one. dumbass.
CABOOSE:oh, that new yellow person, y-oh yes of course, yes uh, he looks very scary. yes and uh i know that because i am looking right at him, right now, yes. he is yellow. this is very interesting.
CABOOSE:yeah and i don't even know how to use this thing.
CHURCH:oh man, this is no good. yellow armour. what does yellow armour mean, is that like some kinda... special ops guy or... man this can't be good for us.
CABOOSE:what if it's a new gun.
CHURCH:what? why'm i even talking to you, it's a person, in yellow armour we already established that!
CABOOSE:oh, now wait maybe they got their own medic.
CHURCH:a medic? caboose, we're not that lucky.
DOC:see, my suit is purple. can you say purple? pur?
BABY ALIEN:honk?
DOC:pull.
BABY ALIEN:hnnnk.
DOC:great! once we learn all the colours, we'll learn why you shouldn't judge people by them.
CHURCH:yeah, that guy is definitely some kind of special forces. probably trained in, knives or... ball-kicking or somethin'.
CABOOSE:maybe he's an alien.
CHURCH:an alien that looks just like the rest of us?
CABOOSE:and that is the scariest kind of alien.
CHURCH:why are you, even here it would be easier for me to just call random people on the phonem, and talk to them about this they would understand the situation better.
TUCKER:uh, whudldldluh. bludludldldlah.
CHURCH:oh well, look who's awake.
TUCKER:what the fuck happened?
CABOOSE:oh, well, um, uh as you may remember, uh you were impregnated by an alien visitor who was on a noble mission to save his entire species from de-
TUCKER:can i get the short version of this?
CHURCH:yeah, you got knocked up, you got knocked out.
TUCKER:oh right, i need to start workin' out. lose this baby weight.
CABOOSE:yeah you know we we should all start working out, you know uh especially some of us.
TUCKER:yeah, some of us seem to have let ourselves go more than others.
CHURCH:are you guys talkin' about me?
CABOOSE:we ah didn't wanna say anything.
TUCKER:yeah, that's why we said something. fatty!
CHURCH:hey back off guys, i've been under a lot of stress. i've been carrying this whole fucking team.
TUCKER:where'd you carry us, to the buffet?
CABOOSE:he said it.
TUCKER:what're you guys doing up here anyway? and what's that huge thing?
CABOOSE:that's church.
CHURCH:he means the ship caboose.
CABOOSE:he said it.
CHURCH:the reds called in a ship, and it landed on donut. now they've got new hardware, and a new soldier.
TUCKER:who, that girl?
CHURCH:wha- girl? that's a girl?
TUCKER:duh. the yellow one, right? the one talking to simmons?
CABOOSE:wow you have really good eyes.
TUCKER:i have to. i never get to use the fucking sniper rifle.
CHURCH:you're positive that's a girl. how can you be sure?
TUCKER:dude, look who you're talking to.
GRIF'S SISTER:the cool thing, is that i was lucky enough to get sent here! they said your commander died, and i needed to replace the missing man.
SARGE:what? our commander's not dead, i'm our commander!
SIMMONS:and an excellent one at that, sir.
SARGE:thank you simmons.
GRIF'S SISTER:yeah. your commander died. and one of the troops is going to be promoted, and i was sent to replace the missing troop!
SIMMONS:wait, w-what's this about a promotion?
SARGE:sounds like command made some kinda mistake.
GRIF:i don't know sarge, i thought you said command never makes mistakes. that must mean you're dead.
SIMMONS:seriously, what was the promotion thing? i'm sure i heard something about someone getting promoted.
GRIF'S SISTER:they said one of your troops would be promoted to replace your dead c.o.
SIMMONS:one like me? a maroon one?
GRIF'S SISTER:hey, you're really scary. that's kinda hot!
GRIF:sarge, i'm really sorry you died.
SARGE:don't be stupid, grif. how can i be dead if i'm standing right here?
GRIF:well if command was wrong about you dying, sarge, couldn't they be wrong about other stuff too? like, like what if the blues don't suck? *gasp* what if the blues are awesome? this changes everything!
SIMMONS:dearly beloved, we are gathered here today, to pay our final respects to sarge.
SARGE:but i was so young! and violent!
GRIF:and that's what makes this so tragic.
SARGE:mnohho.
SIMMONS:and now, grif has asked to say a few things about our beloved sarge.
GRIF:hey everybody, it's great to be here. well, what can i say about a guy like sarge. i mean besides, "good riddence." hoooo.
GRIF'S SISTER:yeah-
GRIF:but seriously, sarge lived a great life. and now that he's dead, our lives are pretty good too. zing! hahahahaa, you know what i'm talking about.
SARGE:come on, is this a rememberance or a roast?
GRIF:quiet in the front row. and i'm not askin', and he's not tellin', but i heard when donut first came to the base, sarge spent a lot of time talkin' about glazed donut holes, if you know what i mean. hiyoooo.
SIMMONS:too soon!
GRIF:hey now.
SARGE:this is the worst funeral i've ever had! you losers better step up the crying, pronto!
SIMMONS:oh, don't worry sir, i've written a stirring speech that's sure to tug at everyone's heartstrings.
SARGE:good to hear it, now get with the eulogizing!
SIMMONS:on it sir.
GRIF:and who could forget the time sarge showed us all how to field strip simmons'-
SIMMONS:okay that's enough, i said five minutes grif.
GRIF:bye everybody, i'll be appearing at the laugh cavern every tuesday. ladies drink free.
GRIF'S SISTER:whoohoooo!
GRIF:not you!
GRIF'S SISTER:aw.
SIMMONS:okay, whatever, get off. hello everyone. i'm here to say a few words about our friend sarge.
GRIF:boo, you suck.
SIMMONS:grif, get off the stage!
GRIF:uh, sorry.
SIMMONS:okay, like i was saying, i'm here to say a few words about sarge.
GRIF:boooo, you suck!
SIMMONS:as you all know, sarge was a magnificent leader, and he was a great inspiration to all his troops.
SARGE:hh, simmons was right, this is so emotional. where's my hankie?
SIMMONS:he was a man of honour, discipline, and character.
SARGE:it's like he's saying what we're all thinking.
GRIF:if he was saying what i'm thinkin' he'd be yawning while he said it.
SIMMONS:but perhaps his greatest accomplishment, as a military man...
SARGE:tell it!
SIMMONS:and a friend...
SARGE:preach on, preach on.
SIMMONS:was developing my considerable skills as a soldier and a leader.
SARGE:what?
SIMMONS:as you all know, sarge's untimely demise leaves a gap in our command structure. a gap that is best filled by sarge's right hand man. a man that has a vision for the red team.
GRIF:sarge is, is he campaigning for your job at your funeral? classy.
SIMMONS:the red army is faced with a difficult choice. the choice of who will lead us to glorious victory. let's hope they choose a great candidate. a candidate whose armour is actually a shade of red. sarge would have wanted it that way. choose simmons. it's the only thing sarge did in life, so don't let his whole existence be in vain. in closing, somebody died, vote for me.
GRIF:ahawesome speech!
GRIF'S SISTER:is this the kind of thing you guys do all day?
GRIF:pretty much. just run with it. it's the only thing that keeps you from going insane from boredom.
GRIF'S SISTER:yeah... or we could raid the medical supplies for morphine.
GRIF:hyeah. wait what?
SIMMONS:hey sister, you're up.
GRIF'S SISTER:awesome!
GRIF:ooh ooh ooh, can i go again? i just thought of a swear word that rhymes with kentucky.
SARGE:you couldn't even wait for me to be buried, could ya.
SIMMONS:your death was in the past, sarge, and we need to look to the future. a future filled with simmons.
GRIF'S SISTER:hey everybody. um, i'm new here, and i didn't know sargeant very well, but he was very old, and that's gross.
GRIF:eh-heheh, i wrote that line.
SIMMONS:grif, let other people have the spotlight for once.
GRIF'S SISTER:anyway, when you're old and gross, you're probably going to die, and that's kind of sad. but when you think about it, all your friends are probably dead too. and if they're not then they're definitely old, and knowing old people is even sadder than being dead. so, anyway, whatever. peace out.
SARGE:this is a miserable excuse for a ceremony. where's the flag folding? where's the twenty-one gun salute?
SIMMONS:sir, the flag is an important part of our inventory. we can't just go around having impromptu foldings because we feel like it.
GRIF:and i was in charge of the twenty-one gun salute. unfortunately we don't have twenty-one guns, so you'll have to settle for what i call the double-bun salute. it starts in just a few moments.
SARGE:uhgh, i'll just get in my grave now.
SIMMONS:yeah, maybe that's for the best sir.
SARGE:oh, come on, who dug this grave? it's not nearly regulation.
GRIF:uhg, simmons let's cover his head first.
SARGE:come on, you call that buryin'? i've had girl scouts bury me better. put yer backs in to it.
SIMMONS:this might be a bad time to ask, but... have you finished that letter of recommendation i asked for?
SARGE:step to it men, bury faster! i'm not getting any deader. come on, double time you maggots! oh hey look, maggots. maybe these guys know what they're doing.
GRIF:he's the chattiest corpse i've ever seen.
SARGE:work that shovel like a hoe. work that hoe like a shovel.
CHURCH:so this is it tucker. this is your little monstrosity. your little abomination of nature.
TUCKER:uh, what do i do?
CHURCH:why're you asking me?
TUCKER:i don't know how to be a dad. this isn't the way i planned it.
CHURCH:you planned this? tucker, i had no idea.
TUCKER:no no, i mean i always wanted to have the ideal father-son relationship. you know, where i see him for like eight hours every other weekend and send cheques to some woman i hate.
CABOOSE:it's emotional conversations like this that make me miss my mom.
CHURCH:alright look let's leave these two alone. let 'em do a little bonding.
TUCKER:hey don't leave me here with him, what'm i s'posed to say?
CABOOSE:ask him if he likes baseball.
CHURCH:it's an alien baby caboose.
CABOOSE:ask him if he likes t-ball.
CHURCH:alien, caboose. alien was the key word in that sentence.
TUCKER:seriously, don't go. i don't even know where to start.
CHURCH:tucker, he's part of an alien race whose only purpose seems to be to tell huge, grandiose lies to people, so that they can seduce them, and then impregnate them. so, why don't you start with that? you know, common ground.
TUCKER:yeah i think i'll just stick to baseball.
CABOOSE:tell him about how his dad got to third base with you.
CHURCH:caboose!
GRIF:so how much oxygen do you think sarge has in his suit?
SIMMONS:oxygen?
GRIF:yeah, you know, to breathe and stuff.
SIMMONS:oh, you know, probably like three hours depending on his level of activity.
GRIF:he's buried six feet underground. i don't think he's got much chance for activities.
SIMMONS:well, i don't think you're an authority.
GRIF:authority? we didn't even use a coffin, we just threw a buncha dirt on him.
SIMMONS:no; i threw a bunch of dirt on him. you two only pretended to help and made a bunch of digging noises with your mouth!
GRIF:you know that trick?
GRIF'S SISTER:i learned from the best!
SIMMONS:well, as your new commander you're both gonna learn a little discipline. and we're gonna start by running laps around the base. sister, you can do girly laps.
GRIF:you mean after we dig up sarge.
SIMMONS:(drawing a shotgun) no i mean right now, grif.
GRIF'S SISTER:what're girly laps?
GRIF:hey, simmons? i don't think sarge is gonna like you picking up his shotgun.
GRIF:and i really don't think he's gonna like you threatening me with it. ...well okay, he might like that part.
SIMMONS:as the new leader, what i say goes. so everyone needs to start running, right now.
GRIF:but what about sarge?
SIMMONS:you heard what command said. sarge is dead. he died of... what'd he die of?
GRIF'S SISTER:aspirin overdose.
SIMMONS:see, sarge is dead of a- an aspirin overdose? really?
GRIF'S SISTER:i know! i didn't think it was possible. and trust me, i've tried.
SIMMONS:yeah, wait- what?
GRIF:simmons, don't be stupid! he's not dead, he's just lying underground covered in dirt.
SIMMONS:if i say he's dead, he's dead. ah'm the leader, me! and being the leader means you have to make tough decisions. like, just for talking back, you can't do girly laps.
GRIF:you've gone blind with imaginary power, simmons.
SIMMONS:uh hoh hoh, on the contrary. i think i've gone blind with very real power.
GRIF'S SISTER:seriously, what the fuck are girly laps!?
SIMMONS:both of you, shut up. you're running. i'm calling red command for confirmation.
GRIF'S SISTER:why're you calling red command.
SIMMONS:for con-fir-mation. stop asking questions.
GRIF'S SISTER:you keep talking about them. why don't you call our guys?
GRIF:our guys?
GRIF'S SISTER:yeah, the blue guys.
SIMMONS:excuse me, the whazzawha?
GRIF'S SISTER:the blue guys. the guys that sent me here. in the big ship.
SIMMONS:grif?
GRIF:uhh, yeah, this might be a bad time to bring up the fact that my sister is colour blind.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF'S SISTER:i don't get it, what's the grey guy so upset about?
SIMMONS:but girls can't be colour blind!
GRIF'S SISTER:yeah? well they say girls can't ejaculate either. but guess what!
GRIF:yeah! wait what!?
SIMMONS:i can't believe it. with such a simple espionage plan the blues have decimated our forces. quick quick, get me a shovel! uho, sarge is gonna be pissed!
GRIF:hey, simmons, if she's not here for sarge, who the hell is she here to replace?
DONUT:ohh, ohh, uh- uhhh, ohhh. uhhhhh. what happened? where am i? oh, maybe they know. but it might be rude to wake them up. i'll just wait here a while. *random tune humming*
SIMMONS:oh my god what's wrong with you, why didn't you tell us you were a blue?
GRIF'S SISTER:because-
SIMMONS:and don't say "because nobody asked"
GRIF'S SISTER:but nobody did ask!
SIMMONS:god dammit.
GRIF:so what if she is a blue? we'll still keep her.
SIMMONS:we can't do that. she's on the other team, she'll kill us in our sleep if we keep her.
GRIF'S SISTER:do i get to do that? that would be awesome!
GRIF:no she wouldn't. besides she's colour-blind. we'll just tell her we're blues.
SIMMONS:uh, hello, we already told her we're red? idiot.
GRIF:yeah? well she's fucking dumb, too. hey, we're blue now.
GRIF'S SISTER:woohoo, go blue, let's win!
GRIF:see?
SIMMONS:oh please, she'll figure it out.
GRIF:no she won't. in high school she got kicked off of the cheerleading squad three times for rooting for the wrong team.
SIMMONS:no, she can't stay. i know, we'll tell the blues that we took her prisoner. maybe we can get something outta this mess.
GRIF:no way, we can't send her over there, they'll kill her!
SIMMONS:why would they kill her grif, she's blue. it's not like the blue team goes around killing its own members.
GRIF:oh, right, because she's a blue. and if she's over there, then the only people that would be trying to kill her, would be us.
SIMMONS:exactly.
GRIF:and that means she'd be safe. because we're like the shittiest team ever.
SIMMONS:well, i don't know about that. as our new leader, i have some pretty bold plans to-
GRIF:but you're not the leader. it was a misunderstanding. you're the guy who buried our leader.
SIMMONS:you helped! we're in this together.
GRIF:no, i made digging noises with my mouth. remember?
SIMMONS:oh god, get me a shovel! (runs off toward the base)
GRIF:yeah, um... okay, you're a blue.
GRIF'S SISTER:touchdown! woohoo, go blue!
GRIF:no, i mean we're red, but you're blue. that means you've gotta get outta here before simmons digs up sarge.
GRIF'S SISTER:i love digging, i want to help.
GRIF:no, you're leaving.
GRIF'S SISTER:where're we going?
GRIF:the other base.
GRIF'S SISTER:the red base?
GRIF:no, the blue base.
GRIF'S SISTER:we have two bases? awesome!
GRIF:move!
TUCKER:hey have you guys seen doc? i need him to babysit for a while.
CHURCH:yeah i got him talkin' to sheila. she's been actin' real wacky lately.
TUCKER:oh yeah? you mean weirder than your average talking tank?
CHURCH:don't be snarky.
TUCKER:sorry dude, it's the hormones. i just had a baby!
CHURCH:yeah, sheila's been acting kinda distant and weird. plus she's been saying these random threatening things. kinda reminds me of somebody else.
TUCKER:so why is doc talking to her?
CHURCH:what you didn't hear the "threatening" part i just said? i'm not goin' over there.
TUCKER:why not send caboose? aren't they like, in love or something?
CHURCH:dude, i've had all the cross-species babies that i can take for a while. the last thing i need is a junior caboose runnin' around with a hundred and thirty millimeter cannon for a head. your little devil-spawn is enough for me.
TUCKER:don't talk about my kid like that.
CHURCH:what's your deal?
TUCKER:i don't know, i think i'm kinda getting in to this whole parenting thing. i caught myself looking at minivans the other day. gruuhgh.
CHURCH:of course you are. that's why you need a babysitter for a newborn. i'll be sure to nominate you for dad of the year.
TUCKER:don't judge me.
CHURCH:anyway, doc's gonna figure out what's wrong with her and give her a little tune-up.
TUCKER:but doc's not a mechanic, he's a doctor. 'n not a doctor, a medic. i guess he's not really a medic either 'cause he's never really helped anyone. he's just some, annoying guy that we know, with purple armour, who's annoying. point is, doc's not a mechanic.
CHURCH:i know. i figure doc's mechanic skills are probably about as bad as his first aid skills. he's either gonna fix her by accident, or make her completely inoperable, and then i can go down there and figure out what's really goin' on. either way, i win. oh, he might also get blown up by her, that's also good.
DOC:yeah maybe yoga lessons weren't such a guhood idea after all. let's try some deep breathing. in through the air filter... out through the manifold... in through the air filter... out through the manifold.
DOC:uh, okay, why don't we try some aversion therapy. think about something that makes you really angry, that isn't me.
SHEILA:sure.
CHURCH:uhhh, yeah... i don't feel as good about my plan as i used to.
GRIF:hey blues!
CHURCH:aw crap, here we go. they must have figured out how fucked up our team is right now. oh shit, they even brought their new guy t-
TUCKER:girl.
CHURCH:what ever! just play along. act like our team is okay, and we have everything under control.
TUCKER:please, i been puttin' on that act fer like three years now.
CHURCH:what do you want, red?
GRIF:i got a prisoner for you!
CHURCH:what'd he say?
TUCKER:he says he has a prisoner for us.
CHURCH:oh what, they're giving us prisoners now? dude, that sounds like bullshit, i smell a trap.
TUCKER:reds aren't that smart.
CHURCH:okay normally i would agree with that. but this is the orange one, he's pretty crafty. he's a lot like me.
TUCKER:like you? shit. then do i have time to put in my ear plugs and hide all our food?
CHURCH:up yours dickhead. why would they wanna give us one o' their guys?
TUCKER:why're you asking me?
CHURCH:oh right. why're you giving us one o' your guys as a prisoner?
GRIF:she's one o- your guys! she came to our side by mistake! what's their deal, why aren't they going for this? we have to hurry. i gotta get back before simmons digs up sarge.
CHURCH:i don't buy this. whadda you want for her?
GRIF:uhm, nothing. it w- it was an honest mistake, uh you can have her back now, no harm no foul. well, look can we hurry this up?
CHURCH:yeah, this is bullshit.
TUCKER:ask for something else.
CHURCH:uh, we want something else.
GRIF:what? i'm releasing a hostage! you don't negotiate up from there!
TUCKER:got any money?
GRIF:fuck you dude! get going, call me if you have any problems, and don't go near any reds from now on. i'll try to keep our team distracted so they can't attack you. whatever you do, don't embarass the family. think of mom.
GRIF'S SISTER:don't do me any favours, bitch.
CHURCH:what else was on the ship?
GRIF:what do you mean!?
CHURCH:yeah like guns, or weapons...
TUCKER:or snacks! dude i'm just asking 'cause i know you wanted to.
GRIF:nope, just the girl. sorry, there weren't any more aliens for you guys to fuck!
TUCKER:that's okay, we can still fuck this one!
GRIF'S SISTER:woohoo!
GRIF:god dammit! never mind, just send her back!
CHURCH:no takebacks!
GRIF:ahw, what the fuck!?
SIMMONS:oh my god grif he's gone!
GRIF:who's gone?
SIMMONS:sarge, he's missing! i dug up his grave and he's not in there.
GRIF:what? did you dig in the right spot?
SIMMONS:oh, you're right, maybe i dug up one of the other fresh graves that we just made. i didn't fucking think of that!
GRIF:oh calm down.
SIMMONS:don't tell me to be calm, we're down two men now! awh, at least we still have the blue prisoner we can use as leverage. hey, what're you doing out here in the middle of the canyon?
GRIF:uhhh, nothing. so that uh, that sarge thing's pretty crazy.
SIMMONS:hey, is that your sister over there with the blues?
SIMMONS:what's she doing over there? ...why're they all high-fiving? are they making a cheerleading pyramid? whoa they're really tossing her high in the air. grif? grif, hey! where'd he go?
CHURCH:well uh, welcome to blue team. i guess we should probably give you uh, some kind of orientation or somethin' like that. so this is the uh, this is the base here. this is the outside of the base. ...inside's on the inside... go through that door, right there, get to the inside. um, there's a ramp over here, there's another one on the other side. it's kinda smaller, does the same thing though. uh, it's got a basement, ...nuhm, there's a middle part 'n' there's a top part... got some, you know blue flags here, on the outside, 's come in handy when you're, you know tryin' to identify the colour of the base, it's blue. anyway, that uh pretty much covers the base, so... anyway, yeah, that's it.
SISTER:cool.
CHURCH:i'm church, i'm the leader. everybody looks up to me. pretty much the only rule for rookies on the blue team is: don't kill the leader. that's me.
SISTER:that's it?
CHURCH:that's it.
SISTER:sounds easy.
CHURCH:yeah well we're, still waiting for someone to follow that rule. so anyway, uh tell me about yourself. what's your training.
SISTER:training?
CHURCH:yeah. what've you been told so far.
SISTER:oh right. that's the base, and you're the leader, and i shouldn't kill you. ever. ...did i pass?
CHURCH:no, i mean like what kind of military training do you have. weapons?
SISTER:uh, those sound violent.
CHURCH:operations?
SISTER:i don't even know how that works.
CHURCH:communications.
SISTER:say what?
CHURCH:huhhhh, intelligence?
SISTER:uhhh, huh?
CHURCH:hhh, great.
SISTER:yeah, sorry, doesn't sound like i have any of the skills you need. unless you wanna see my ping pong ball trick.
CHURCH:yeah... wait, what?
GRIF:slow down!
SIMMONS:there's no time, sarge is gone! i was digging a hole, and i kept digging, but there was no sarge, and then finally i dug deep enough, and i found another hole.
GRIF:you dug a hole, and found a hole. isn't that what a hole is?
SIMMONS:no no no, i mean a hole at the bottom. it opened in to some kind of, big cavern.
GRIF:a cavern? a cavern like a cave? like a cave with bats?
SIMMONS:i don't know, why, are you afraid of bats or something?
GRIF:afraid of bats, no. why would i be afraid of bats? and why would you even ask that question? were there bats or something? that's kind of a weird thing to ask just for no reason.
SIMMONS:i didn't see any bats, okay?
GRIF:did you hear any bats?
SIMMONS:no.
GRIF:did you smell any bats.
SIMMONS:i don't know what bats smell like!
GRIF:and let's hope you never find out. is it getting dark? we should get inside.
SIMMONS:it hasn't gotten dark here in three fucking years, asshole.
CHURCH:and this, is tucker.
TUCKER:sup.
SISTER:hey.
CHURCH:tucker's job is to do... what, i guess nothing.
TUCKER:i'm just chillin'. that's the only rule on blue team, rookie: be cool.
SISTER:i thought the only rule was "don't kill the leader."
TUCKER:yeah, but we break that rule all the time. that's what makes us so cool.
SISTER:awesome, on the red team, we make that rule-
JUNIOR:rawr, rawr rawr.
SISTER:oh cool, you have a dog?
TUCKER:uh, that's not a dog, that's my kid?
SISTER:oh, cool, you have a kid that looks like a dog?
CHURCH:nice save.
CHURCH:hey, you know what? i think i have the perfect tour guide for you. hey caboose, come here!
SISTER:i thought about having a kid once.
TUCKER:oh really? it's a lot of work.
SISTER:yeah, it seems like it would be hard. but i thought, you know, who wants to be known as the girl who's had seven abortions?
TUCKER:heh, yeheah... wait, what?
CHURCH:alright, this is caboose. he can tell you everything you'd possibly need to know about blue base.
CABOOSE:is she a mean girl, or a regular girl?
CHURCH:caboose, what did i tell you.
CABOOSE:that there are no regular girls.
CHURCH:exactly. alright, so just stick with him, ask him any questions you have, aaand just don't bother me. or tucker.
CABOOSE:what do i tell her?
SISTER:well, i already know the rule.
CABOOSE:i hate that stupid rule.
TUCKER:go show her doc and sheila.
CABOOSE:the purple one is doc, and the big one is sheila.
CHURCH:you know, i was really wishing that would take longer. ...and further away.
SISTER:who's the black one?
CHURCH:the black one?
SISTER:yeah, the one in the black armour? the one standing right behind you guys.
CABOOSE:the black one, yeah. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... wait, what?
GRIF:yep, that's a hole alright.
SIMMONS:that's what i told you!
GRIF:huh. and sarge's body is gone.
SIMMONS:right. i think it fell through that hole in to the cavern.
GRIF:maybe he just disappeared. dead things do that when you bury 'em. that's part of the circle of life you know. it's a miracle when you think about it. no reason to go randomly exploring caves which may or may not contain hundreds of evil bats, that would just be interfering with god's divine plan.
SIMMONS:okay, a, sarge wasn't dead; b, decomposing takes months, not minutes; c, his armour would still be here; and d, shut up, you're going down there. now.
GRIF:why? what do we really need sarge for anyway? all he ever did was yell at us a bunch and tell us we suck, we'll just split up his duties. you yell at me and i'll tell you you suck.
SIMMONS:shut up and get in the hole grif!
GRIF:you suck simmons. hoho man, this new system's already workin' out great! we should have thought of this years ago.
SIMMONS:grif, don't you understand that because we lost sister, we're horribly outnumbered. we already lost donut and sarge, now it's four on two. the blues are probably gearing up for an enormous attack right now. at any moment they're gonna come over that hill, guns blazing yelling "chaaaarge!"
CHURCH:retreat!!!
TUCKER:aaaaaaahhhh!
CABOOSE:take bar take bar take bar take bar.
SISTER:who is that?
TUCKER:that's tex.
SISTER:whoah, he's a badass.
CABOOSE:(hit) ow.
SISTER:he's kinda hot.
TUCKER:tex isn't a guy, she's a girl.
SISTER:oh, sorry. she's a badass. she's kinda hot!
TUCKER:she's actually church's ex-girlfriend.
SISTER:oh yeah? why aren't you guys dating any more?
CHURCH:are you seriously asking that question right now?
CABOOSE:last time i was shot, i got a purple heart? yeah uh i hope this time, i get a purple lung. you see eventually i, i hope to build an entire purple person. and we will be best friends.
TUCKER:maybe you should ask for a purple brain.
CABOOSE:you're just jealous, 'cause you have no friends.
TUCKER:why is she shooting at us?
CHURCH:how do i know? and why are you acting like this is unusual?
TUCKER:well, go out there and tell her to stop.
CHURCH:yeah, i'll get right on that.
SISTER:uh, aren't you like, the leader or something?
CHURCH:uh- yes sister, i am the leader, which is why i am officially appointing you, our field negotiator.
SISTER:awesome!
CHURCH:yes, congratulations we're all very proud of you. your first job is to get tex to stop firing at us.
SISTER:cool.
SISTER:hey, tex! stop shooting you stupid bitch!
TUCKER:nice negotiating.
CHURCH:she's not firing. i think that actually worked. maybe she's outta ammo. let me check.
CHURCH:nope, she still has ammo.
TUCKER:nice recon work.
CHURCH:i'm gonna go get my body back.
TUCKER:yeah, good idea.
SIMMONS:(landing gracefully behind him) tada!
GRIF:(standing up) ugh, you didn't have to push.
SIMMONS:yeah i didn't have to, but it sure was fun. i got a cool screenshot from my visor of you flailing too. guess who has a new desktop wallpaper... this guy!
CHURCH:hey tucker, is my body on straight?
TUCKER:dude i don't even know what that means.
TEX:freeze! nobody move.
TUCKER:we're already not moving. you could have just said "everyone keep doing what you're not doing."
TEX:shut up!
TUCKER:whatever.
CHURCH:tex, what is your problem?
TEX:my problem is that o'malley isn't in doc any more. he's jumped in to somebody new, and i'm not trustin' anybody, until i find out who.
CHURCH:yeah, we already know all that. we're on top of the situation.
TEX:you are? then who did o'malley jump in to?
CHURCH:oh. yeah i meant, i meant we were on top of everything right up until that point.
TEX:typical.
SISTER:who's o'malley?
TUCKER:eah, it's just some computer program that wants to destroy the universe. he infects people around here from time to time, but neh, it's no big deal.
SISTER:sounds scary.
TUCKER:naw, it's all good baby, i'll protect you.
SISTER:hyeah, that's what the last guy said, and now i can't stop scratchin'.
TUCKER:okay, never mind.
CHURCH:none of us are infected tex, but i am a little worried about the tank. she's been actin' really weird lately. can an a.i. implant in a ... tex?
TEX:who's the girl?
CHURCH:what? who sister? oh she's just a new recruit.
TEX:you mean to tell me i'm only gone a few weeks, and you guys get yourselves a new girl?
CHURCH:oh. um...
TUCKER:whoa. tread lightly dude, tread lightly.
CABOOSE:you know, i wasn't actually scared, until right, just, now.
SARGE:yeaow, what in the... stupid grif and simmons. can't even build a regulation grave! what did we run all those drills for? so, this is the afterlife, huh? heh. not too impressive if you ask me. this place is a wreck! who's in charge here, anyway? need to get me a couple o' marine angels, get this place spic 'n' span in no time. you know now that i think about it, i don't seem to remember much about underground caves in the bible. not even that new bible they rewrote in twenty-forty, with that big chase scene and that weird cameo by ben stiller. that guy's a nut. wait a minute afterlife!? underground cave!? what if this isn't heaven! what if it's... noh, it couldn't be. could it?
DONUT:oh hey sarge. what're you doin' down here?
SARGE:it is! oh, it is.
CHURCH:oh man, this is not gonna work out well for us.
TUCKER:dude, are you kidding? we finally have two girls on our team. you know what that means.
CABOOSE:yeah. co-ed softball team! i'm gonna go get my baseball racquet.
CHURCH:tucker, i know what you're thinking, and it's not gonna happen.
TUCKER:oh why not.
CHURCH:because girls can't share anything. not even an apartment. every time girls live together, within six months, they all hate each other, and somebody gets stuck with a twelve hundred dollar phone bill. that's fact.
TUCKER:ah, let them fight. as long as we get to watch them making up who cares? we can even record it and sell copies to the reds.
SARGE:ngooooo. moooan.
DONUT:it's been crazy down here sarge.
SARGE:noooo.
DONUT:you wouldn't believe all the stuff i found.
SARGE:sorrowful sounds. pleas for forgiveness.
DONUT:sarge, keep it down.
SARGE:i have sinned.
DONUT:we don't want them to hear you.
SARGE:donut. don't interrupt my repentful moaning. if i want god to forgive me, i need to be as miserable as possible. he loves that stuff.
DONUT:this isn't hell, sarge! and you're not dead.
SARGE:repent! repent!
DONUT:come on sarge, be quiet. i've been exploring down here and i've found some really crazy stuff. look!
SARGE:why that fort looks like a blue base. and just when i thought hell couldn't get any worse.
DONUT:yeah, but look at that.
SARGE:what in the hell is that thing?
DONUT:i don't know, but it sure looks a lot like the motorcycle i found in the cave upstairs.
SARGE:donut why didn't you report this?
DONUT:i couldn't! my radio broke when i fell.
SIMMONS:come in sarge, are you there?
SARGE:hello, is that you simmons?
DONUT:no, i'm dooonut. did you get amnesia from your fall or something?
SARGE:shut up, donut.
DONUT:uh, okay?
SIMMONS:sarge, we're down in the cave with you. are you okay? please tell me you're okay.
SARGE:fine. what's your location?
DONUT:i'm standing right here, next to you!
SARGE:shut up!
SIMMONS:we're looking for you right now, this place is huge! grif is with me and we're up on top of some kind of peninsular outcropping.
SARGE:euh, you're on top o' grif's what?
DONUT:grif isn't anywhere around here.
SARGE:donut, i told you to be quiet!
DONUT:well stop asking me stuff then.
SIMMONS:no, we're on a peninsular ledge trying to find you.
SARGE:roger that, i've got donut. you sit tight and we'll find you.
SIMMONS:roger that. simmons out.
GRIF:dude, what was all that stuff about your penis ruler?
SARGE:i just talked to simmons on the radio.
DONUT:ooohohoh, the radio.
SARGE:i told him to hold still, we'll come to them.
DONUT:sarge, i don't think you realize just how big this place is. there's no landmarks or anything, just one rock after another that all look the same. finding them will be like finding a needle in a haystack.
SARGE:he said they were standing on some kind of a, penis nu-
DONUT:oh! i know where that is. let's go.
GRIF:i heard something that time.
SIMMONS:you didn't hear anything.
GRIF:there, did you hear that?
SIMMONS:yes, i heard water dripping.
GRIF:sounds like bats!
SIMMONS:bats, aren't made of liquid. bats don't drip.
GRIF:bat-water!
SIMMONS:there are no bats!
GRIF:you don't know, what if you're wrong?
SIMMONS:okay, idiot, let's assume i'm wrong. let's assume there are bats. so what? you're wearing state of the art, biomechanical body-armour. it's designed to deflect bullets, and absorb explosions. what can a five ounce flying rodent possibly do?
GRIF:...so basically you're saying that you think there's bats.
SIMMONS:sure, why not.
GRIF:i'm getting the fuck outta here.
SIMMONS:no you're not grif, we're standing right here. i told sarge we wouldn't move, and we're not moving.
GRIF:at least let's go stand by the light.
SIMMONS:no, that would be moving, and thus would violate our strict "no moving" policy.
GRIF:but the light-
SIMMONS:no.
GRIF:-would help us see the bats!
SIMMONS:no.
GRIF:and their fangs!
SIMMONS:no!
GRIF:hey, you know what else might be in the cave, simmons? snakes.
SIMMONS:you're an asshole grif, why would you bring up snakes?
GRIF:i'm just saying. i know you don't like snakes, and snakes do live in caves, and we are in a cave, and snakes like to crawl right up next to people in caves, and then they-
SIMMONS:alright, screw it, i'm gonna go stand by the light.
DOC:okay, i talked to sheila, you guys were right: she definitely seems a little odd.
CHURCH:yup, so whaddaya think?
DOC:i, think she seems like there's something wrong.
CHURCH:that's your diagnosis? that's why we sent you down there, man. because we knew something was wrong.
DOC:i'm a medic, what do you want from me?
CHURCH:how about fixing her?
DOC:well surprisingly my medical training didn't cover internal combustion.
CHURCH:what a shitty medical school.
TUCKER:yeah where'd you go, the university of jamaica?
DOC:oh please, i wouldn't be caught dead on that campus. i went to jamaica state! who's jamaica state's fighting irish.
CHURCH:that's notre dame.
DOC:well since we're international, we don't really have to adhere to the stringent u.s. copyright laws. so-
CHURCH:never mind. just go back down there, and see if you can reboot sheila.
DOC:reboot her?
TUCKER:yeah dude, that's how you fix broken stuff. you turn her off, and then you turn her back on again. she'll be fine.
DOC:i don't think that'll work.
CHURCH:uh, pardon me, it works great. we already rebooted the toaster, we rebooted the teleporter...
TUCKER:yeah, i still don't know if that thing has all the bugs worked out.
CHURCH:we even rebooted caboose's armour once. although, that took a lot longer to come back online than we thought it would.
CABOOSE:it was dark and i got to hold my breath. i'm pretty sure there was no side-effects.
DOC:no, i mean i don't think it'll work because i'm not going back down there. she's not exactly in the best of moods.
DOC:see?
CHURCH:yeah, we need to get someone sneaky down there who can turn her off.
DOC:how 'bout tucker?
TUCKER:who me? no way! i'm a lover, not a sneaker.
DOC:oh, that's your response to everything.
TUCKER:what can i tell you? i'm a lover, not a thinker. ...how 'bout tex?
CHURCH:yeah we couldn't afford it. if only we knew someone that sheila trusted. and it would have to be someone kinda dumb, so that we could fool them in to betraying that trust, for our purposes...
CABOOSE:hey... everyone is looking at me. ...i love when they do that- hi everybody!
DONUT:see? and these are the two bodies i was telling you about. at first i thought they were sleeping, but then i realised they were dead.
SARGE:blues never sleep, they're too busy plotting to destroy our way of life! that's how you can always spot a blue, donut. they're always the ones conniving and scheming. sometimes they do both! i call that "scheniving."
DONUT:and you know what else? you can also tell they're blue because their blue armour.
SARGE:yeah that too. you know at first i thought this cave was pretty dismal, but it's amazing how a couple o' blue corpses can really spruce up the place, make it feel like home.
DONUT:yeah, we could hang a couple o' drapes, get some wicker chairs, oh, this place will be fantastic.
DONUT:everything okay sarge?
SARGE:what? oh yeah. it's just that i can't shake this feeling. the feeling that we're beinnnggg watched- ha, got ya! d'aw, son of a-
DONUT:um, that was pretty dramatic.
SARGE:yeah, it usually works better if someone is standing there when i do that. ...kind of like now- dammit. i'm normally not wrong about this kind of thing, hello- durka dur.
DONUT:oh, do you have a good sixth sense?
SARGE:no, stupid, motion-activated proximity radar. it's standard issue. i guess i need to get mine calibrated. hey, what the heck is that thing?
SIMMONS:sarge should be able to see us here, right?
GRIF:yeah, who cares. hey simmons i was thinking, if we're in a cave, why are there lights down here?
SIMMONS:that's a pretty good point... grif...
GRIF:what the- are you okay?
SIMMONS:yeah, why do you ask?
GRIF:huh, you got a pink thing on you.
SIMMONS:wha? like a snake? damn it all...
GRIF:simmons? simmons? ...huh?
GRIF:ow.
GRIF:ow!
GRIF:oh wow hey look, bad people. please don't eat me bad people.
CHURCH:well, i suppose i should figure out a way to get tex to reboot sheila. man, i'm gonna have to call in a lot of favours for this one.
TUCKER:what favours could you possibly have stored up with someone who dumped you?
CHURCH:she didn't dump me tucker, it was mutual.
TUCKER:mutual in what way, mutual in the sense that you were both single the moment after she dumped you?
CHURCH:yeah, that way. come on caboose, let's go explain the plan to tex. wish us luck.
TUCKER:yeah right. hey whey she kills you i'm gonna sell your armour to that pink guy on the red team. i hear he's in the market.
DOC:hey who's the yellow soldier?
TUCKER:that's just sister, she's new.
DOC:no-one told me about a new arrival. i'm supposed to examine everyone before they assume active duty.
TUCKER:don't sweat it, i already checked her out for you. diagnosis: f.i.n.e. ...that spells fine.
DOC:thanks. but i think a trained medical professional should be the one to-
TUCKER:i'm a doctor - a doctor of love. phd. certified loooveology, general harasstitioner. sexicologist.
DOC:first of all, love is not an officially recognised medical specialty. and also, phds? heh, not really doctors!
TUCKER:dude you're a dork.
SISTER:hey!
TUCKER:what's up sis, what'd you and tex talk about?
SISTER:oh, she was just talking about everyone here. how you're all idiots and jerks, and you guys are her idiots and jerks, and if i try to become more popular than her she would talk about me behind my back, and turn everyone against me, and then i would cry, and everyone would hate me... you know, girl stuff!
TUCKER:cool. oh hey, speaking of girl stuff? this is doc.
SISTER:hi.
DOC:uh, hello, nice to meet you i'm the medic, eh if it's alright with you, i need to give you a quick physical examination since you're new. do you want to come to base where you might feel more comfortable taking off all your clothes?
SISTER:sure, lead the way. seeya tucker.
TUCKER:...what the fuck just happened?
DONUT:sarge, i found simmons; he's over here, sleepin' on the job.
SIMMONS:donut, i'm not sleeping, i was drugged.
DONUT:sorry sarge, he's not sleeping; he's doing drugs.
SIMMONS:hh, shut up donut, i'm not doing drugs, we were attacked. oh they must have used some kind of tranquilizer on me and ...grif? hey where's grif?
DONUT:maybe he's out scoring you junkies some more drugs.
SIMMONS:they must have taken him.
SARGE:who would take grif? garbage collectors?
SIMMONS:the people who ambushed us. we have to find him. luckily i implanted a tracking chip in his armour. i wanted to be able to find him when it was time to work. i should be able to lock on to his signal in just a few seconds.
SARGE:a few seconds? that sounds entirely hopeless. well, grif, we'll miss ya. you were a good soldier. using the broadest possible definition of "good." and "soldier."
SIMMONS:i've got his signal.
SARGE:he's probably a million miles away by now!
SIMMONS:actually, he's only a tenth of a mile away.
SARGE:but who knows what direction!?
SIMMONS:that direction.
SARGE:exactly. we did our best simmons, now let's head back to base and call for a replacement troop. where's my shotgun?
SIMMONS:i don't see it anywhere. i guess they took it when they took grif.
SARGE:eugh, what direction did you say?
SIMMONS:that way, sir.
SARGE:come on, let's go.
CHURCH:so caboose is gonna be up front talking to her, and then while he's got her distracted, you sneak around the back, access the panel, and shut her down.
TEX:okay, i'll do it.
CHURCH:uh- wha- that's it? you will? no bargaining? no ridiculous demands?
TEX:no. i'm trying to find o'malley and his friend. in a way, you guys are helping me. if anyone should be making demands it should be you.
CHURCH:oh well in that case we wan-
TEX:forget it, deal's done.
CHURCH:dammit.
CABOOSE:hum, how should i distract sheila?
CHURCH:just talk to her, keep her attention, that's it.
CABOOSE:i don't know, uh... we kinda have a history? ea, she may not want to talk to me.
CHURCH:so? tex and i have a history, doesn't mean we can't be professional and hold a conversation.
TEX:i wouldn't exactly call them conversations.
CHURCH:hoh, get off my back woman, can't you see i'm working here?
TEX:please, you call this working?
CABOOSE:see, e- this is exactly what could happen with me and sheila. only with more getting shot by tanks.
CHURCH:caboose, if that happened, i'm sure the shell would just bounce off you and land on me somehow. just smooth-talk her.
CABOOSE:i don't know how to do that.
CHURCH:just tell her she's pretty, or that she's got that new-tank smell or something. compliment her treads, it doesn't matter.
CABOOSE:i don't know...
CHURCH:it's easy. look here, just practice on tex, she's -womanish.
TEX:pardon me?
CHURCH:do you want caboose to run decoy for you, or do you wanna try this on your own?
TEX:i see your point.
CHURCH:go ahead.
CABOOSE:hello tex.
TUCKER:dude, you will not believe what doc just pulled off.
CHURCH:shut up tucker, don't interrupt.
TUCKER:interrupt what?
CABOOSE:tex, i think you are pretty, and you haven't hurt my body in a long time? so i was hoping that we could talk and be friends maybe and hold hands, and you would go with me? and when you went with me, you would be my real girlfriend.
TEX:i think that would be, nice, caboose. we should, definitely, do that.
TUCKER:what the hell? tex have you gone crazy? if you wanna get with somebody get with me, the love doctor! i'm a real man! i will rock your fucking world.
TEX:...
CHURCH:hey, don't look at me, he's not part of the plan.
TUCKER:ow! what is going on around here!?
CABOOSE:i don't think i'm going to use tucker's "rock your world" line. i think i'm gonna stick with my own material.
TUCKER:junior... junior! hey junior, where'd you go?
JUNIOR:hooonk.
TUCKER:there you are.
JUNIOR:hnnnk!
TUCKER:you little rascal.
JUNIOR:hnk!
DOC:(from around the corner) okay sister, any other conditions i should know about?
SISTER:uhm, let's see, you know about all the ways i'm contagious, so i don't know if there's anything...
TUCKER:hey, what's going on here?
SISTER:oh! i'm colorblind.
DOC:really? that's weird. but i don't think it'll cause any problems here. okay, go ahead and bend over.
SISTER:sure. like this?
DOC:hwhoa, yeah! you're really limber. and in really great shape.
SISTER:hyeah i am.
DOC:i'm not playing against you in twister.
SISTER:check this out.
DOC:wowzers. i didn't even know a leg could bend that far. that is a leg, right? okay. oh and by the way, sorry if my hands are cold.
SISTER:that's cool. sorry my body's a little hot.
TUCKER:hey do you guys need any help in there?
SISTER:huh? is someone spying on us? yessss. hot.
DOC:no, we're good. hey, sister? do you want me to turn up the heat or something? you look like you're...
SISTER:eh. i'll be okay. hard nipples won't kill you.
TUCKER:i could just walk around this corner if you need me to. it wouldn't be a problem.
DOC:we got it! hey sorry i got you all wet before. i don't even know how that bucket of baby oil got up on that shelf. that was wheird.
SISTER:that's okay, i think it'll actually help. squeezing these puppies in to the armor can be a little difficult.
TUCKER:maybe i should just look in there and see if there's anything i can do.
DOC:no thanks tucker, maybe they need your help with the tank instead. you'd probably be a lot more valuable out there. what we're doing in here is pretty routine- hey, are you double-jointed?
SISTER:hyeah.
TUCKER:great.
JUNIOR:hnnk!
TUCKER:don't rub it in.
JUNIOR:blarg?
SIMMONS:come on, grif should be right over here.
DONUT:don't listen to him sarge, he's just tryin' to score more drugs to keep his habit alive! remember last month when he asked for more money? it was for drugs!
SARGE:that was part of a budgetary meeting, donut! he needed more funds for vehicle maintenance.
DONUT:enabler!
SIMMONS:i see something.
SARGE:ah! there's my shotgun! mission accomplished, excellent work men!
SARGE:let's hang up a banner.
DONUT:there's grif.
SARGE:oh right, and grif. excellent- somethinerother, you... peopl- why do i even bother.
GRIF:(moans) what happened? what'd you do to me?
SIMMONS:we got knocked the fuck out, and the people who did it must have taken you.
GRIF:oh, right. uh, they kept askin' me questions. they wanted information.
SARGE:information- what did they-
SIMMONS:whoa whoa whoa they wanted information and they took you? why wouldn't they take me?
SARGE:what did they look like?
SIMMONS:sarge, please! i was right there next to you. if they needed information, why would they take you instead of me?
GRIF:what're you, jealous? jesus.
SIMMONS:no, i just think if you're gonna drug and torture people, you don't need to insult their intelligence too. that's just mean.
GRIF:yeah, you're jealous.
SARGE:besides, takin' all the fun outta interrogating.
CABOOSE:i don't know what to say.
CHURCH:don't be nervous, just go out there, hold her attention, and don't say anything stupid. no wait- be natural. say stupid stuff. go!
CABOOSE:hello, sheila. how are you doing?
SHEILA:oh, hello caboose. actually, i'm not functioning at my optimal capacity. my internal diagnostics indicate i am having mechanical issues. how are you?
CABOOSE:...um...
CHURCH:caboose! say good.
CABOOSE:what? oh, good! ubub- pretty good. really good. i am great. i am absolutely perfect.
CHURCH:that's too good.
CABOOSE:now i am depressed. i am- doing- bad. i... i don't know if i can go on.
SHEILA:you seem, distracted caboose.
CABOOSE:uh, i am not distracted, i'm not distracted, i am distracting, see, that's different 'cause i'm doing it to you!
SHEILA:what?
CHURCH:what?
CABOOSE:i mean i'm very distractable! aheah, with a high degree of distract-ivity...ness. (clears his throat)
CHURCH:change the subject!
CABOOSE:okay! sheila, have you seen tex?
CHURCH:what? i mean- what?
SHEILA:what?
CABOOSE:sheila do you know what my favourite thing to do is? not look behind myself. you should try not doing that.
SHEILA:...
CABOOSE:do you like to collect stamps?
CHURCH:hey caboose? i think it's wrong for us both to die because you're an idiot, so i'm gonna take off now, okay i'll see ya bye.
CABOOSE:please don't go.
SHEILA:i am not leaving.
CABOOSE:oh good. good... stay.
SHEILA:you are acting strangely. and i would like to find out why.
CABOOSE:oh. okay. um-
SHEILA:caboose, the omega a.i. has been missing, and everyone has been attempting to find him. if you continue to act eratically, they may mistakenly think he is inside of you, and take drastic measures against you.
CABOOSE:oh. i wouldn't want them to do that.
SHEILA:exactly. luckily, i know where omega is.
CABOOSE:you do? where?
SHEILA:he is inside bluuuuuuoooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrr....
TEX:got it!
CABOOSE:who is blurrr? ...blerrrr.
CHURCH:you want us to turn her back on again. after we just went through all that trouble to shut her down.
CABOOSE:but she said she knows where o'malley is.
CHURCH:maybe she was lying. how could she possibly know that? what do you think tex, can we turn her back on again? disable her guns or somethin'?
TEX:not a chance, she's a wreck back here. i'm not even sure how she was operational anyway.
CABOOSE:oh, i know, uh, we could put her inside my head! like o'malley. i've got lots of extra room in there.
CHURCH:yeah, i bet, and, no. she's not that kind of a.i.
TEX:she could only be moved over, if we had a similar class of vehicle.
CHURCH:yeah, if only we had some other kind of big vehicle that we could move her in to. we can't use the warthog 'cause that doesn't have anything... wait a minute. tex... the ship? could we move her in to one of those on-board computers?
TEX:if we set up a hardline, yeah, i bet we could do it.
TUCKER:church, wait!
CHURCH:huh?
TUCKER:church hold on a second i've got something to tell you!
CHURCH:tucker what, what is it?
TUCKER:i just wanted to say, i got a hardline tex can use. bow chicka bow wow.
TEX:how did you even hear that?
TUCKER:phh i'm like superman, i know when i'm needed.
SARGE:shake it off you big orange baby, what happened to you?
DONUT:he's been chasing the dragon.
SIMMONS:donut, shut up, he was drugged just like me.
DONUT:that's what i'm saying! he fell off the wagon, and shook hands with the devil!
SIMMONS:shut up!
DONUT:he's been ridin' the wave, and trippin' the technicolor dreamscape. far out, man. druggie loser.
SIMMONS:will, you, stop, donut. all you're doing with your stupid anti-drug lingo, is making me actually want to try drugs.
DONUT:choose life, simmons. choose it.
SIMMONS:yeah, that sounds like fun.
SARGE:who knocked you out, grif? was it those dirty blues?
GRIF:no, some kind of bat-person.
SARGE:bat-person!?
SIMMONS:sarge, i'm not sure grif knows what he's talkin' about.
SARGE:grif doesn't know what he's talkin' about, eh? stop the fuckin' presses.
SIMMONS:no. i mean specifically right now. whatever chemical they used to knock us out may be affecting his perception or his memory.
DONUT:and it could cause undue stress to his family, and seriously impair his ability to operate a me-
SIMMONS:shut up donut!
GRIF:i wasn't hallucinating. there was some kinda crazy bat thing, and another guy, and they were talkin' about a kid. and a sword. some kinda deal they made.
DONUT:hokay wait, is this a joke? this is a prank on me, right? you guys found my harry potter fan fiction.
GRIF:this has nothing to do with you, donut.
DONUT:hokay, right, sure. well if the bat person turns out to be a sailor, and the guy turns out to be a bartender, and the sword turns out- well, let's just say this all sounds a little too familiar.
GRIF:i'm telling the truth! this really happened.
SARGE:sure, we believe you buddy! note to simmons, grif has gone mad. need to kill him asap.
GRIF:i'm not crazy!
SARGE:second note to simmons, grif has developed super hearing. possibly acquired from the bat people! post-note: original plan still applies.
GRIF:wait a second- i can prove i'm not crazy, 'cause of the bomb, the bomb!
SIMMONS:yeah, that's a good way to prove you aren't insane. just start screaming "the bomb, the bomb."
GRIF:the bomb was there! that's how i could understand what was being said. they needed him to translate.
SARGE:the bomb? you mean that loud-mouth guy?
GRIF:yeah, the enormous ball that's always ready to explode.
DONUT:hokay seriously, there's coincidence, and then there's outright plagiarism. i'm gonna have to sue somebody.
TEX:she's all set. transfer should take a while.
CHURCH:um, are we sure we wanna put her in this ship?
TEX:mm, it's still flyable, but i'm gonna remove the ignition coil just to be sure. if o'malley is in her somewhere, they aren't goin' anywhere without it.
CHURCH:you want me to hold it?
TEX:are you kidding?
CHURCH:well, thought it was worth a try.
TEX:hey caboose? how's it goin' in there?
CABOOSE:looks good. although i have to tell you the ship looks a lot bigger on the inside than the outside.
TEX:how's the readout?
CABOOSE:well, all the red lights are red, and all the blue lights are blue.
TEX:what about the green lights?
CABOOSE:those are black.
TEX:when the green lights turn green, and the red lights turn black, i want you to get a hold of me right away.
CABOOSE:uh okay. uh, what about the blue lights?
TEX:the blue lights don't matter.
CABOOSE:then why do they-
TEX:okay, okay thanks caboose, good job!
CABOOSE:oh, okay.
ANDY:hey grif, just tell 'em where the kid with the sword is, and you can go.
GRIF:wha? a-andy is that you? why are you helping monster people?
ANDY:hey, gotta make a livin'.
GREEN ALIEN:hnk. hnk? wnkwnk. wrear.
ANDY:he says someone's comin'. eh we gotta go!
ANDY:seeya grif! by the way, you look like shit! zing!
GRIF:uoh, okay, bye. ha'm gonna, to go to sleeping again...
GRIF:and he was translating between the two of them, too. so if we find andy, he can tell us exactly what's going on.
SARGE:sounds like we've stumbled across something totally diabolical! good work uncovering the plot, simmons.
SIMMONS:thank you sir.
GRIF:simmons!? i just told you everything!
SARGE:but simmons was the one that led us to you after he stealthily avoided capture.
GRIF:avoided capture!? they knocked him out first and picked me at random!
SARGE:yes. a randomness that simmons used to save the day!
GRIF:he had nothing to do with that!
SARGE:but it was simmons that found the underground cave.
GRIF:by trying to bury you alive.
SARGE:a tactic that was clearly multi-layered. once again simmons' treasonous insurrection, proves to be the glue that holds this unit together.
SIMMONS:just wait 'til you hear about my upcoming assassination attempt.
SARGE:oh, don't spoil it.
CHURCH:you can't just show up here and start bossing people around, tex. bossing people around is my job. i put in the time.
TEX:i had to leave, i found wyoming.
CHURCH:yeah, tucker told me, what happened?
TEX:i though i tracked him back to o'malley. but, by the time york and i got there-
CHURCH:york- your old freelancer buddy? was carolina with him?
TEX:she was already dead.
CABOOSE:and what about bermuda?
CHURCH:that's not a state, dumbass.
CABOOSE:portland?
CHURCH:shut up!
TEX:but he still had delta.
CHURCH:delta; the a.i.? how? i thought they took them- wait a minute wait a minute, how was he even still alive? aren't we hundreds of years in the future?
TEX:i thought it was because of his armor. you know all the freelancer suits had some kind of enhancement.
CHURCH:right, like your invisibility.
CABOOSE:and, horrible meanness.
CHURCH:hno dude, that's all natural.
TEX:york's was some kind of healing mechanism. it would help him recover from wounds in battle. i thought it might have kept him alive all these years. but after i found wyoming, i knocked him out and downloaded logs from his helmet. there's somethin' going on church, with a lot of people working against us.
CHURCH:well what did wyoming say when he woke up?
TEX:he didn't, before i could interrogate him, he teloported away. one second he was there, and the next he was gone.
CABOOSE:what about the second after that?
TEX:can i kill him?
CHURCH:no, i'm saving him in case we ever need him for food. so, wyoming's armor lets him teleport?
TEX:i don't think so. i think someone grabbed him from somewhere else.
CHURCH:how is that possible? the only technology i know that could do that is- ...wait a minute. each freelancer had an enhanced suit of armor and an a.i., right?
TEX:right.
CABOOSE:right.
CHURCH:your armor was invisibility, and your a.i. was omega.
TEX:right.
CABOOSE:wrong. oops, missed that one, can we go back?
CHURCH:what was wyoming's a.i.?
TEX:gamma.
CHURCH:huughh. i gotta make a phone call.
GARY:hello.
CHURCH:hello, this is church gary. or should i call you gamma. have you been lying to us?
GARY:lying is such a shisno concept. i mean human concept
CHURCH:you're a computer, i thought computers can't lie.
GARY:they can if they are programmed to lie.
CHURCH:were you programmed to lie?
GARY:... no...
CHURCH:god dammit.
GARY:i have to go, church.
CHURCH:wait a minute, what about the aliens, how do we-
GARY:goodbye.
WYOMING:hmm, do they know?
GARY:there is nothing to worry about. we are close to the end. we will not be stopped now.
WYOMING:we should keep going, hop in.
VIC:hello, ringading, blue base, come in, let's go hello, come in.
CHURCH:hello? vic, is that you?
VIC:hey dude, how's it goin', been a while since we spoke.
CHURCH:why're you calling me?
VIC:everything been goin' good yeah that's great listen don't have much time to talk, uh been discussing things here at blue command, we think everything isss bad, and now is the time to go attack the red base. turns out the reds are up to no good, and somebody needs to kill 'em. a good way to do that might be to send some people through the caves, yeah, take 'em by surprise, anyway, can't talk, gotta go, seeya la vista.
CHURCH:waitasecond waitasecond wait- why do people keep hanging up on me!?
SARGE:huh, what's all this business?
SIMMONS:it looks like a bunch of computer equipment, sir.
SARGE:excellent analysis, simmons.
DONUT:and it's attached to some kinda t.v. thing.
SARGE:so it is. astute deduction, donut.
GRIF:it shows all different parts of the canyon. look, there's our base!
SARGE:ah yes, another incredible observation from the stating the obvious department. thanks for nothing, numbnuts.
GRIF:huhhhhhh.
SARGE:simmons, donut- you two stay here. grif's gonna continue to help look for andy.
GRIF:fine. (wandering off) huhh, i hate my job.
DONUT:look, there's my room! and the locker room! and there's the showers! mahan, so many good memories.
SIMMONS:i hope this thing isn't connected to the internet.
SARGE:euh, the blues must've set this up. crafty devils. spying on us all along. ...what's all that?
SIMMONS:that looks like blue base.
SARGE:why would the blues spy on themselves?
SIMMONS:maybe the blues didn't set this up. someone else might've.
SARGE:or maybe the blues are so incredibly arrogant, they just wanna see themselves on t.v. boy i bet they have those stupid liberal equal time laws. commie blue bastards.
SIMMONS:what if all this technology is just left over from an ancient civilization that was way more advanced than us.
DONUT:wait a minute, how could an ancient civilization be more advanced? if they were so advanced, where did they go?
SIMMONS:they could have mysteriously disappeared, only leaving behind a legacy of enigmatic technology.
DONUT:... ... that's gay.
SIMMONS:oh let's finish this fight later.
SARGE:look, what's that?
SIMMONS:hhh! that looks like sister's armor.
DONUT:oh no, what happened to her?
SARGE:clearly she's been disintigrated.
SIMMONS:why would they do that? oh, we can't tell grif. he's gonna be devastated.
GRIF:tell me what.
SARGE:tell you that your sister's been vaporized by the blues.
GRIF:what!?
SIMMONS:sarge!?
SARGE:heh heh, it's just like rippin' off a band-aid. quick and incredibly painful.
SIMMONS:we just talked about this, i thought we agreed not to tell him.
GRIF:what?
DONUT:you really need to start thinking about other people's feelings, sarge.
SARGE:son, the only thing i need to do is stay red and die.
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:i'm really sorry grif. she's dead.
GRIF:how could this have happened? oh man, that was my little sister. i mean, i know we don't always see eye to eye, but i still loved her.
SIMMONS:this has to be hard grif. i, don't know what to say.
GRIF:i-i just, i had no idea the last time i saw her was gonna be the last time ever. i'd give anything to see her again and just to talk to her one last time, and i'm never gonna get that chance. it's the most empty feeling in the whole world.
DONUT:oh hey, look! she's not dead, she's just naked!
GRIF:what! that little slut, i'm gonna kill her!
SIMMONS:take a screenshot, take a screenshot!
GRIF:put your clothes back on! what's the one thing i told you, don't embarass the family!
SIMMONS:i don't think she's embarassing -whoa, why is she doing splits?
SARGE:huh, is this that facebook thing i keep hearing about?
SIMMONS:does this thing take dollar bills?
GRIF:come on, that's my sister! and you're looking at her naked!
SIMMONS:so? she's not our sister.
GRIF:stop, looking at her!
SIMMONS:why does donut get to look?
DONUT:hey, why does the blue base get so much more natural light than ours? it gives the interior a much more airy and open feeling.
GRIF:that's why donut gets to look.
SARGE:ohhh, look, she's puttin' her armor back on. uh, i mean, oh look, she is putting her armor back on. good work soldier!
GRIF:don't partonize me.
SIMMONS:it looks like the blues are having some kind of meeting.
SARGE:what? i knew it. they're coming to attack our base. dirty backstabbers.
DONUT:i thought the blues were supposed to attack us?
SARGE:dirty frontstabbers! simmons, what're they saying?
SIMMONS:i have no idea. i can't find the volume on this monitor. and without any sound it just looks like a bunch of helmets bobbing up and down.
SARGE:is that how they talk? they look ridiculous.
CHURCH:alright, vic called and said we should attack the red base right away. i don't know why but, i guess we're gonna do it.
TUCKER:attack? shouldn't we call soldiers or the military for something like that?
CHURCH:and for some reason he thinks it's a good idea for some of us to go through the caves.
TEX:why?
CHURCH:i don't know f, who cares? so, me and tex and tucker are gonna go right up the middle.
TUCKER:what about my kid he can't go in to battle!
CHURCH:doc, sister and junior, you guys go get lost in the caves.
TUCKER:oh.
CHURCH:we'll find you after the battle's over. unless we die, in which case we won't find you, and you're gonna have to find us. and if that happens i want to be buried as far away as possible from these two.
TUCKER:yeah, and i wanna be stuffed and put on a couch with a cooler full o' beer, a bag full of cheese puffs, non-stop reruns of baywatch and- ah, you know what, it's all in my will.
CABOOSE:what about me? can i get lost too?
TEX:no caboose, i need you to stay here and watch sheila.
CHURCH:yeah, if the transfer gets interrupted we might lose her altogether.
CABOOSE:oh that would be bad.
CHURCH:right, otherwise how would you accidentally kill people?
CABOOSE:hmm, well i suppose i could always-
CHURCH:shut up that was retorrical, tucker come on, let's get going.
DOC:when should wego?
CHURCH:dhe-a- i don't care. just be ready to come running with the cavalry if we start screaming in pain. unless tucker starts screaming in pain, in which case, you know, feel free to point and laugh.
TUCKER:well little dude, i guess there's a time when every little boy becomes a man.
DOC:tucker he's only three days old.
TUCKER:yeah, they grow up so fast.
CHURCH:also he's not a boy, he's a grub.
TUCKER:the point is, you're on your own now, and i don't have time to tell you everything you need to know. so here's a few brief pointers. invest in real estate, there's no such thing as a permanent record, always eat breakfast, all the girls on the internet are actually dudes, and you should never, ever buy the extended warranty on anything. ever. oh also, chicks like it when you tell them you're pretty, but they also like it when you're kind of a dick to 'em. so mix it up a little.
CHURCH:tucker let's go!
TUCKER:okay little dude, i gotta go now. tex needs me and church to back her up.
JUNIOR:bow chicka honk honk.
DOC:hunh, i guess you have been teaching him some stuff.
TUCKER:teach? you don't teach that. that shit's genetic.
CHURCH:i don't see anything.
TEX:i'll move up. you two stay here.
TUCKER:you want us to cover you?
TEX:yeah. cover me. that way i won't get hurt. just don't run away.
TUCKER:hey, you don't have to be a bitch.
CHURCH:i don't see anything at all. it's like they're all hiding or somethin'.
TUCKER:uh, what do you see?
CHURCH:i just said i don't see anything, i just said that.
TUCKER:man i hate that i never get the fucking sniper rifle!
CHURCH:oh yeah boo hoo, all you've got is your stupid awesome sword, i feel so sorry for you.
TUCKER:come on dude, just once. let me use it, just one time, i won't ever ask again! pleeeeeeeease? pleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseplease.
CHURCH:can i use the sword?
TUCKER:oh hell yes!
CHURCH:fine, here.
TUCKER:oh kickass! heh heh! okay no, wait, how do i zoom? i'm zoomed!
CHURCH:hey tucker, the sword doesn't even work. what a fuckin' gyp.
TUCKER:now how do i- wait what is this thing?
CHURCH:okay, whatever dude, just don't-
TEX:ow!
CHURCH:what the fuck, did you just fire that thing?
TUCKER:oops! that was an accident.
CHURCH:we're s'posed to be sneaking up on 'em, dumbass. they're gonna hear us, gimme it back.
TUCKER:um, yeah, okay take it back.
CHURCH:i knew there was a reason i didn't let you use this thing all these year- hey, tex, what're you doing back?
CHURCH:ow! what the fuck did i do!?
TEX:asshole!
TUCKER:i told him to be careful with that thing, he's just not very good with it.
SHEILA:hello, and thank you for activating the m808- wait a minute. where am i?
CABOOSE:sheila! you're awake! i am so happy, look- we got you a new place to live. now you are the big ship lady.
SHEILA:i like it. it is so roomy. much nicer than that stuffy old tank.
CABOOSE:and now... you can fly.
SHEILA:are you the pilot caboose? shall i run the tutorial program?
CABOOSE:mmm, yeah. uh, let's not do that right now.
SARGE:look they're invading our base! and we're not even there to defend it. oh the humiliation! men, this aggression cannot stand. we'll beat those blues all the way back across the canyon. this is the moment we've all been training for!
GRIF:training? we haven't done any training. wait, is sleep considered training?
SARGE:simmons, as with all our battle plans, i need you to punch grif in the back of the head. simmons? simmons!
SIMMONS:uh huh, yeah, i agree. everything you say is right, red team's great... hooray.
SARGE:simmons, stop watching those t.v.s.
DONUT:yeah simmons, give it up. there's not gonna be any more pictures of naked girls on there.
SIMMONS:shut up, you don't know that. stop saying that. he doesn't know what he's talking about.
SARGE:men, this won't be easy. the blues will be totally bunkered down. at both bases, which gives them an enormous strategic advantage! but we're the red team.
SARGE:sure, you might not be the best squad... might not be smart... or energetic, or have any skills that qualify you for duty in any other legitimately recognized military unit. however-
DONUT:where did that flag come from?
GRIF:flag, who gives a fuck about the flag. how about who's singing?
SARGE:but with precise operations, and proper communication, we will emerge victorious! with a little luck, one of us in particular, will die a horrible death! either at the hands of the blues, or as part of a cunning distraction by yours truly.
SIMMONS:why don't we just take over blue base?
SARGE:nonsense! at blue base they're much more fortified. blue base has turrets. blue base has a tank!
SIMMONS:blue base has noone in it.
SARGE:what?
SIMMONS:look, see? they're all gone.
SARGE:where'd they go?
DONUT:they went to red base. that's what we've been talking about.
GRIF:but which one of these caves leads to the blue base? i'm all turned around down here.
DONUT:i have an idea.
DONUT:see, these are dead blues.
SARGE:yes, donut, we're all very happy about the corpses. sicko.
DONUT:don't you get it? when they buried you, you fell down here. when the blues buried these two guys, they fell in too.
SIMMONS:i thought the blues had three dead guys.
DONUT:so that means, we're standing right underneath blue base. all we need to do is head up, and take 'em from behind.
SARGE:cavernous conundrum he's right! let's go men. we'll grab their base while they capture ours! on to glorious victory!
SIMMONS:technically that's not victory. it's more like a stalemate.
SARGE:on to equilibrium then?
SIMMONS:yeah, that'll work.
GRIF:huhh, this war sucks.
SHEILA:diagnostic complete.
CABOOSE:um, sheila have you seen tex?
SHEILA:no. i have been running a diagnostic on my new home. i only need some minor repairs to my landing gear. but i require a replacement ignition coil to become functional. do you have an ignition coil private caboose?
CABOOSE:um no, uh but tex wanted me to tell her when you started talking. um... and i'm supposed to find her.
SHEILA:my sensors indicate she is at the red base.
CABOOSE:om no that's the worst kind of base.
SHEILA:why did she want to speak to me?
CABOOSE:oh, she just wanted to know where o'malley is.
SHEILA:oh. of course. would you like to know where o'malley is caboose?
SISTER:so by the time i got home it was four a-m, and when my mom asked where i was, i told her i was riding around on the train all night, which i guess is technically true...
DOC:uh yeah, we don't have to talk about stuff any more. let's just walk. and not talk. ever again.
SISTER:come on little guy, hurry up!
JUNIOR:hnnnk!
SISTER:oh my god, head.
DOC:okay please, really, no more stories.
SISTER:seriously, it's a head. look.
DOC:huh?
LOPEZ:ola.
CAPTION:yo.
DOC:oh. it's you.
LOPEZ:lo que. una cierta manera de tratar, a su muchacho.
CAPTION:whatever. some way to treat your sidekick.
LOPEZ:mi a rodeo por das y usted incluso no me busque.
CAPTION:gone for days and you don't even look for me.
SISTER:you know him?
DOC:you speak spanish?
SISTER:uh, of course i do, it's the year twenty-five hundred and i'm from america.
DOC:aoh, cool. tell him o'malley is gone.
SISTER:o'malley no est aqu ya fue.
LOPEZ:su espaol es muy horrible.
CAPTION:your spanish sucks.
SISTER:who's o'malley?
CHURCH:alright well, i guess let's break up in to teams and search the base.
TEX:got it.
CABOOSE:tex! tex are you there tex? i know who o'malley is!
TUCKER:it looks like the reds pulled out. does that mean we win?
CHURCH:i s'pose so. i guess we have, two bases, in the middle of a box canyon now.
TUCKER:whoopdie fuckin' doo.
CHURCH:right tex?
TEX:(training her gun on church) don't move, o'malley.
CHURCH:oh, crap.
SARGE:and then donut will use all our grenades to bombard the base, while we move forward in an advanced cover-fire formation.
GRIF:got it. and nobody hurts sister. that's my job.
SIMMONS:why does donut get to stay on the sidelines?
SARGE:because, he's got a great arm. heh, he coulda gone pro.
DONUT:it comes from years of tossing.
SARGE:and as discussed, in the event that we are cornered and no other options exist, donut will make sure to save at least four grenades, one for each of you. and two for grif.
DONUT:anyone have a preference of frag or sticky? tell me now, i don't want any complaining later on.
SIMMONS:frag, no wait sticky.
GRIF:surprise me.
SIMMONS:i'm gonna change back to frag.
DONUT:hey sarge, have you thought about calling for reinforcements? like when we called for the ship.
GRIF:you mean the ship that crushed you while bringing more blue soldiers? yeah maybe we shouldn't do that.
SARGE:it's worth a shot. they owe us one now.
SARGE:come in command. are you there? vic, are you there? come in! is this thing on?
SIMMONS:does anybody hear that echo?
DONUT:yeah, we're in a cave simmons. caves echo. duh. that's how bats navigate.
SIMMONS:no, it seems like it's coming from back the way we came.
GRIF:did you say bats, what bats? were you talking about bats?
DONUT:um, just, bats in general.
GRIF:don't bullshit me dude, i heard bats.
VIC:hehehey, roho amigo. what's goin' awn?
SARGE:vic, we need help! the blues have executed a brilliant plan, and it looks like we've fallen for it perfectly. no doubt they're celebrating at our very own base as we speak.
TEX:don't move.
TUCKER:ooh, busted! kill him tex, i've got fifty-to-one odds if his next death is caused by anyone but caboose.
SARGE:we're going to die if we don't get some help over here vic.
VIC:uh hey dude it's vic junior. we already covered that.
SARGE:hrr, vic junior. we're going to die if we don't get some help over here.
VIC:okay dude, calm down, take a chill pill. if you don't have a chill pill take one of those chill strips, you put it on your tongue it dissolves, chill. i'll try to help, but someone's been here monkeying with my equipment. just give me a second and i'll- oh, no oh man, i gotta go bye, try to win.
SARGE:hello? i don't hear any hold music. please don't transfer me to india. hello?
SARGE:vic junior. we're going to die if we don't get some help over here.
VIC:okay dude, calm down, take a chill pill. if you don't have a chill pill take one of those chill strips, you put it on your tongue it dissolves, chill. i'll try to help, but someone's been here monkeying with my equipment. just give me a second and i'll-
SIMMONS:hello? hello. who's there?
VIC:oh, no oh man, i gotta go bye, try to win.
SIMMONS:who's talking down here? hello?
SARGE:oh, yes i'm still here vic. we need help!
SIMMONS:sarge?
SARGE:simmons, is that you?
SIMMONS:yyyes?
SARGE:what the- do you work at command now? when were you promoted?
SIMMONS:i don't work at command, you called me here. it looks like this monitoring equipment is interfering with our radios. or something.
SARGE:diabolical. well get yer keester back here. red command is useless.
GRIF:there's a newsflash.
SARGE:shut up grif.
GRIF:did that order come from command?
SARGE:in fact it did. and they also ordered my foot to report up your ass on the double!
SIMMONS:i can't believe i donated organs for this fucking war.
CHURCH:tex i am not o'malley.
TEX:bullshit. it all makes sense now. you were the one that told gary where we were, you were the one that wanted me to disable sheila by moving her to the ship, and you wanted the ignition coil once i'd removed it.
CHURCH:that's all coincidental. it doesn't make me evil. just makes me a bad leader.
TEX:why would caboose tell me it was you?
CHURCH:you're getting information from caboose.
CABOOSE:(over the radio) thaaat's right.
CHURCH:dude, i'll tell you what. if you get me killed again, i gotta tell ya, this time i'm gonna be a little pissed.
CABOOSE:sheila told me that o'malley might be inside blue leader.
TEX:and that's you.
CHURCH:sheila's crazy, remember? besides i was never officially promoted to blue leader anyway. that's... oh no.
DOC:so that's how you got here lopez? what a strange, yet totally believable story.
LOPEZ:quin es la gringo?
CAPTION:who's that guy?
BLUE SOLDIER:hi there. i don't think we've met. i'm captain butch flowers. and this, is my friend.
SISTER:hi nice to meet you! hey, wait, wasn't i sent here to replace you?
JUNIOR:honnnk?
FLOWERS:hey there little guy. i've been waiting a very, very long time to meet you. muhuhuhuha, muhohohoho, muahahahahaaa.
CHURCH:i am not o'malley, i'm telling you, it's flowers.
TUCKER:liar, flowers is dead.
CHURCH:then what happened to the reds, tucker. where did they go? i certainly didn't sneak over here and scare them off in my spare time, when i wasn't dealing with you and tex, and that new yellow freak, and that stupid disgusting kid a' yours.
TUCKER:okay, okay. man, i hope if flowers is alive that he doesn't want this armour back. hey what's up with the reds?
TEX:where are they?
CHURCH:who knows. maybe it's lunch time. maybe the red army doesn't pay overtime and they all just went home.
TEX:all their stuff is here. i don't think they evacuated.
TUCKER:what do you think tex?
TEX:i think we may have walked right in to a-
WYOMING:a trap?
TEX:wyoming.
CHURCH:okay see? now, if i was o'malley, i would've known that was gonna happen.
GRIF:shouldn't we rethink this plan?
SARGE:why?
GRIF:well now that simmons has cut us off from command, we're attacking the enemy base with no support.
SIMMONS:i didn't cut us off from command.
GRIF:you interrupted the radio transmission!
SIMMONS:no i didn't. whoever sarge was talking with was already down in that cave. i just walked up and started talking to sarge in the middle of it.
GRIF:what the fuck do you think interrupting means?
SARGE:can it you two.
ANDY:yeah, you're givin' me a headache.
SIMMONS:andy, is that you?
ANDY:no, i'm tha other talkin' bomb. francis. pleased ta meet ya ya dickhead.
SIMMONS:i thought you were busy helping the enemy.
ANDY:nah, they didn't need me any more. apparently that revived guy learned enough alien language to get by. and then it was "what have you done for me lately?"
GRIF:hey, what was that deal they were talking about when i was all drugged out?
DONUT:grif, i'm prouda you. admitting you have a problem, is the first step.
GRIF:fuck off, donut.
DONUT:baby steps grif.
ANDY:that new alien is here to find the old one, and he revived the blue guy to help him. but then somethin' happened to him. i don't know what; started actin' all, funky.
SIMMONS:the alien revived him.
ANDY:yeah. they don't treat life and death the same way we do. fact that little guy that everyone thinks-
SARGE:we don't have time for this. let's go men.
ANDY:wait, take me with you!
SARGE:andy, we're going in to battle unmanned. low on ammo and with no support. what use could we possibly have for a bomb?
ANDY:i could always act as a lookout... or a spy... or a chef? or you know, you could always, use me as a bomb... oh, hey lopez.
LOPEZ:meh.
CAPTION:up yours.
TEX:wyoming.
WYOMING:ah yes, hello tex. so sorry to sneak up on you when you were busy quarrelling about, well whatever it is exactly you people do here. i'm guessing some kind of ditch digging or something.
TUCKER:blue team doesn't even have shovels. which kinda sucks, because our guys are the ones who keep dying.
WYOMING:and it looks like that trend is going to continue.
CHURCH:oh what, y-yer here for tex? because if you are she's right there. all yours buddy. go for it.
TUCKER:yeah. ladies first!
WYOMING:not at all. i'm here for your little friend. he's very important to a lot of people.
CHURCH:ahuh-huh-huh excuse me.
CABOOSE:now that church is possessed by o'malley and is evil, do you think we'll have to kick him off the team? then it would be just me and my sidekick tucker. that's not a lot o' people on the team... also i don't like tucker? oh, i know: maybe we could convince one of the reds to switch sides! then we can give them tucker. that would fix both problems!
SHEILA:i don't know, that doesn't seem like it would work.
CABOOSE:oh, church is calling me. prob'ly to ask me to be his new best friend. or to infect me with a horrible computer virus. excuse me for a minute sheila i have to take this.
SHEILA:affirmative.
CABOOSE:yes! hello evil church. what can i do for ya?
CHURCH:so wyoming, you just showed up here and decided to attack us.
CABOOSE:uh, my name is caboooose...
CHURCH:and now you've caught us at gunpoint, and it looks like we're in big trouble.
CABOOSE:uh that doesn't sound like something i would do. i think you have the wrong number.
CHURCH:here at red base. wyoming. you found us and are holding us prisoner. at the red base. wyoming.
CABOOSE:ah red base no, uh, i'm in the ship. the shiiiip. sheila i think o'malley has driven him crazy, uhm, he's talking nonsense.
CHURCH:if only someone nearby, someone with access to a tank, somehow knew what was going on and could help us. someone for instance, in blue armour. who somehow knew about the situation, and figured out what the fuck other people were talking about, and tried to fucking help us, and then we would be saved.
CABOOSE:yeah, he's definitely crazy.
CABOOSE:hey sheila, where's the tank part of you going?
WYOMING:why do you keep explaining things to me? i understand the situation perfectly. i ambushed you, you're quivering in fear.
TUCKER:yeah what are you, the narrator now or something?
CHURCH:i just want everyone to be on the same page about wyoming, ambushing us, at the red base.
TUCKER:we know.
CHURCH:wyoming. the bad guy.
TUCKER:we know!
CHURCH:and we're here at the red base. which isn't the blue base. or the caves, or the cliffs, or that weird tree, or the windmill.
TUCKER:we get it dude, we're standing right here.
CHURCH:maybe we should take this from the top. do you wanna write this down?
TUCKER:no!
WYOMING:i think your friend here has lost his marbles.
TUCKER:oh you wanna see crazy wait until you try to take my fucking kid. what do you want with him anyway, he never did anything to you.
WYOMING:it's not what he did, it's what he's going to do. that child is very special.
TUCKER:yeah, i know. i guess i should have read to him more, or something.
WYOMING:not that kind of special, you half-wit. i mean he's important.
CHURCH:red base. noone is in the state of wyoming!
SARGE:there's the base.
SIMMONS:it looks like they're in trouble. is that that bounty hunter guy? that guy's a dick.
SARGE:hah! the blues have overextended themselves and spread their forces too thin! classic blunder. change of plans, men. instead of hitting blue base, we're going to take back our own base!
GRIF:tank!
SIMMONS:oh shit!
SARGE:free change of plans, men!
GRIF:fuck this!
SARGE:blue base it is.
WYOMING:that little alien of yours has a very important destiny to fulfill. and we're going to make sure he does it.
TUCKER:well he's not here, so guess what. you're shit outta luck.
WYOMING:i'm well aware; my partner's taking care of that little acquisition right now. i'm just here to, tidy up a bit.
TUCKER:how'd you sneak up on us anyway? tex, i thought you were s'posed to be good at this stealth stuff.
TEX:i am.
TUCKER:wow, that's awesome. good for you.
WYOMING:oh no, tex has gone invisible. whatever shall i do. fretting, worry.
CHURCH:dude i wouldn't sound so smug. she kicked your ass last time and you weren't outnumbered like ya are now.
CHURCH:haha yeah! whay it worked! i can't believe caboose came through! how ya like that wyoming? we even have our tank now. booya mother fucker!
WYOMING:ho ho ho ho ho, your tank? hu hu hu hu hu...
GARY:knock knock, church.
CHURCH:oh shit. why is it that something dramatic seems to happen exactly every five minutes? i mean, i can't possibly be the only one out here noticing this trend.
GARY:firing main cannon.
CHURCH:haha yeah! whay it worked! i can't believe caboose came through! how ya like that wyoming? we even have our tank now. booya mother fu-
CABOOSE:sheila, um did you send the tank out there to, help them?
SHEILA:negative.
CABOOSE:oh, so the tank went out there, on its own.
SHEILA:affirmative.
CABOOSE:sheila, i think they might be in trouble.
SHEILA:affirmative.
CABOOSE:i, should help them!
SHEILA:affirmative.
CABOOSE:i could go out there-
SHEILA:negative.
CABOOSE:and help them beat wyoming-
SHEILA:negative.
CABOOSE:and save the day-
SHEILA:nope.
CABOOSE:and everyone will love me!
SHEILA:what?
CABOOSE:especially church!
SHEILA:my sensors indicate you don't stand a chance.
CABOOSE:thanks sheila! this is a great plan!
WYOMING:you know i really can't thank you enough for leaving your tank completely unattended. it was very kind of you old chap. makes your defeat and humiliation so much easier.
CHURCH:yeah? well, great, glad we could help. i'm sure if you give us enough time we'll just kill ourselves. save ya some ammo.
WYOMING:if it makes you feel any better your death is for a very noble cause.
CHURCH:what do you want with tucker's kid anyway?
TUCKER:what? how did we get here?
CHURCH:tucker.
TUCKER:what!?
CHURCH:what's wrong with you?
TUCKER:with me? what's happening?
CHURCH:um... we're being held prisoner? where the hell have you been?
TUCKER:what? how? i'm so confused.
CHURCH:what do you mean how? are you retarded?
TUCKER:but tex! she-
CHURCH:no. tex will take him out.
WYOMING:oh right, tex. you mean, her?
WYOMING:poor tex. never could figure out when she'd been beaten.
CHURCH:what? how did you know where she was?
TUCKER:what do you mean, that's where she was before.
CHURCH:before what? tucker, have you gone insane?
WYOMING:wait a minute, what's going on?
GARY:i think he knows.
WYOMING:i think you're right.
CABOOSE:church! i'm coming to help! don't start without me!
WYOMING:it's the idiot, take care of him. quickly.
GARY:right.
TUCKER:caboose, no, stay back! don't get near the tank!
CABOOSE:uuuhhh!
CHURCH:caboose! noooo!
SARGE:whoa. looks like the blue one just got killed by the tank.
SIMMONS:a blue got killed by their own tank? man, i just had the weirdest sense of dj vu.
GRIF:hehey, speaking of getting tanked, we should see if the blues have any beer around here.
SARGE:hiyo!
TUCKER:go, move!
TUCKER:look out!
CHURCH:caboose, caboose! ah, fuck he's not moving!
TUCKER:i'm telling you he's dead. just like last time.
CHURCH:tucker, you are gonna start making sense right, now. that's an order.
TUCKER:this already happened. wyoming shot caboose, tex jumped wyoming and knocked his gun away and then-
CHURCH:tex is unconscious!
TUCKER:fucking a, i know, that's what i'm saying!
WYOMING:awh!
CHURCH:oh- i hit him! i hit him! i can't believe i hi- i mean, i knew this sniper rifle was awesome.
TUCKER:this is just like last time! once wyoming lost everything seemed to-
TUCKER:reset.
WYOMING:you know i really can't thank you enough for leaving your tank completely unattended. it was very kind of you old chap. makes your defeat and humiliation so much easier.
CHURCH:yeah? well, great, glad we could help. i'm sure if you give us enough time we'll just kill ourselves. save ya some ammo.
WYOMING:if it makes you feel any better your death is for a very noble cause.
CHURCH:what do you want with tucker's kid anyway?
TUCKER:what is going on?
CHURCH:um... we're being held prisoner? where the hell have you been?
TUCKER:church don't you remember any of this?
CHURCH:tucker, what the fuck are you talkin' about?
GARY:he knows.
WYOMING:how the devil is he keeping up with us?
GARY:irrelevant. eliminate him.
TUCKER:go, move! tex look out, he knows where you are!
TEX:(rematerializing) what?
CABOOSE:church! i am coming to help! don't start without me!
TUCKER:oh, shit i forgot about caboose!
CABOOSE:eh! i am dead!
CHURCH:caboose! noooo!
SARGE:yowza! looks like the blue one just got sniped!
GRIF:hey, speaking of getting sniped, we should see if the blues have any ...beer around here?
SIMMONS:what the fuck's that supposed to mean?
GRIF:i don't know. sounded a lot funnier in my head before i said it.
SIMMONS:man, i just had the weirdest sense of dj vu.
TUCKER:aw crap.
CHURCH:whaddaya mean aw crap? caboose just got killed.
TUCKER:yeah i know, but i'm pretty sure it's okay. somehow wyoming keeps looping us through the same events over and over again. and noone but me seems to remember. i don't know how, but every time he gets hurt things just start-
CHURCH:yeah? ell, great, glad we could help. i'm sure if you give us enough time we'll just kill ourselves. save ya some ammo.
TUCKER:yeah, what do you want with my kid anyway?
WYOMING:you don't, remember?
TUCKER:remember? you never told me anything.
GARY:i think it worked, that time.
WYOMING:apparently. keep your eye on him next time.
CHURCH:the fuck are you guys talking about? oh you know what, never mind. keep talking. waste time until tex kills you.
WYOMING:oh right, dear tex. you mean, her?
WYOMING:oh poor tex. never could understand when she was-
TUCKER:beaten!?
WYOMING:oh dear!
GARY:reggie.
TUCKER:that's right bitch. i take care of my kid.
CABOOSE:i'm coming to help! don't start without me!
TUCKER:caboose, get the fuck outta here!
CABOOSE:okay bye, i don't wanna help any more.
SARGE:whoa. looks like the white guy just got stabbed.
GRIF:hey, speaking of getting stabbed... i think i have a headache all of a sudden. for some reason i want a beer.
SIMMONS:man i just had the weirdest sense of... meh what's that thing called? when you, think you've done something, but you don't know if you did it?
GRIF:how the fuck should i know?
CHURCH:tucker, how did you know that was gonna happen?
TUCKER:'cause of wyoming. you know how tex said every freelancer had an a.i. and a special ability?
CHURCH:hyeah.
TUCKER:i think wyoming can loop us through little segments of time, and he just keeps doing it over and over again until he wins.
CHURCH:wait, what? how many times did we loop?
TUCKER:who knows? doesn't matter now. that cocksucker's dead.
CHURCH:no no, it does matter. don't you remember when we came here to begin with? i got stuck in a loop, and every time i went back, i left a bunch of-
CHURCH:copies.
WYOMING:hello. hwahahahaha.
WYOMING 2:hehehehaha.
WYOMING 4:hohohohohohohoho.
WYOMING 7:heh heh heh heh.
WYOMING 5:heh ho hohohoho.
WYOMING 3:huh huh huh huh huh.
FLOWERS:yes, everything is coming together as planned. and these fools still have no idea. once the young one gets his sword, there will be no stopping us.
VIC:hey, what about the other guy dude, does he know about the thing with the thing?
FLOWERS:no that beast does not suspect anything either. everyone has played right in to our hands. muuhuhohuhhahahahaaa. ...okay maybe that was a little loud. huhahahaaa. there. that's better.
WYOMING 6:they're getting away!
TUCKER:come on!
WYOMING 1:cut them off!
CHURCH:why aren't you being affected by any of this?
WYOMING 3:remember the sniper shot.
TUCKER:he said it has something to do with the sword!
WYOMING 3:i told you to watch for the sniper shot.
CHURCH:who said? when?
WYOMING 5:i've got to get my sight!
TUCKER:just trust me!
WYOMING 7:get off the ledge you fool!
WYOMING 1:ah- ooph!
TUCKER:the cliff! head for the cliff!
WYOMING 2:this time flank him!
TUCKER:that's where tex will be!
CHURCH:are you sure?
WYOMING 7:hey, hey!
TUCKER:no, not that way!
WYOMING 7:now i've got you!
WYOMING 7:ah!
CHURCH:hey you know what, i kinda like this new all-knowing badass tucker. he's certainly a lot better than the old one.
TUCKER:no church wait! the other way!
GARY:knock knock church.
CHURCH:son of a bitch!
TUCKER:i meant the other other way. my bad dude.
CHURCH:i take back what i said! you still suck.
TUCKER:okay tex perfect, now listen.
TEX:what the hell? why do you guys keep giving away my position?
TUCKER:it doesn't matter, they know you're here anyway. duck!
WYOMING 3:once i hit a towel.
TUCKER:see?
CHURCH:tex, this is almost gonna be impossible to explain, but he knows exactly what's going on, and we just need to trust him.
TEX:trust him. ten minutes ago he shot me.
CHURCH:yeah well that's i mean... you know, come on. kind of a bitch. but don't worry, now that we're together, i'm sure he has an awesome plan. right tucker?
TUCKER:right, now you guys stay here and distract the wyomings. i'ma go take care of that fuckin' tank.
CHURCH:distract! how?
TUCKER:not getting killed is a great way to start! watch your back!
CHURCH:jesus!
TUCKER:caboose, are you ready to help? i need you to do something.
CABOOSE:great!
TUCKER:i need you to run out there and get the tank to shoot at you and try to draw it closer to the ship. it's gonna be really dangerou-
CABOOSE:okay!
TUCKER:caboose, that's why i always liked you. everything falls in to two categories. either you don't understand it, or you just don't care.
CABOOSE:yeah, i don't really know what you mean by that. but i guess it doesn't matter.
TUCKER:exactly.
CABOOSE:why didn't you have tex or church help? is it because i'm the best?
TUCKER:no, it's because church is an asshole and tex doesn't trust me right now.
CABOOSE:really? why not?
TUCKER:eh, because i got to use a sniper rifle and i ended up unloading a round in to her ass.
CABOOSE:hey chicka bum-bum.
TUCKER:caboose, what did i tell you about that!?
CABOOSE:sorry, sorry.
CABOOSE:hey. big mean tank jerk. why don't you pick on someone your own size?
CABOOSE:dah, that's more like it. ...uh oh. uh- okay, uh tucker, uh, uh here it comes. tucker? ...tucker. um, yeah, i- i i didn't really mean anything, i i just wanted to say um... hi?
TUCKER:now sheila!
SHEILA:affirmative.
GARY:what nuuuuuuuu...
TUCKER:did you get him sheila?
SHEILA:i have him! he is currently isolated behind a firewall. he is attempting to get through, but it will take some time. he is not that smart.
GARY:i heard that.
TUCKER:great. caboose, stay here, i'll be back in a bit.
CABOOSE:okay, but i still don't know what's happening. good tank? nice tank?
SIMMONS:man, that seems like a really big fight.
SARGE:yeah. looks like they don't stand much of a chance. ah, those blues are finally getting what they deserve. i always knew this day would come.
DONUT:you mean you knew that the blues would be killed by an unknown group of cloned enemies while in control of our base, and while we were in control of theirs? seriously? you knew that was coming.
SARGE:absolutely. it's so obvious. durrr. what a glorious day to be red.
GRIF:and the best part of it all is that the blues are finally gonna be driven out of the canyon, and we get to sit on the sidelines. man, someone does all the battling and we just have to kick back and let 'em take the glory, while we enjoy the benefits. we don't have to do anything.
SARGE:rrrr...
GRIF:hhhh... you know, one of these days, and i don't know when, i'm gonna learn to shut my fuckin' mouth.
CHURCH:okay, i'll take the ones on the right, you take the ones on the left.
TEX:there's twice as many on the left
CHURCH:i know, i can count.
TUCKER:just keep backing them up!
CHURCH:why, what are we waiting- wait a sec. the hell is that music!?
SARGE:yaaaa, now that's what i call ridin' shotgun! blammo, haha!
SIMMONS:excellent shot, and follow-up one-liner sir.
SARGE:thank you simmons.
SARGE:now get to blastin'.
SIMMONS:on it sir.
SIMMONS:yeah, suck it blue! and you too white! suck it crackers!
GRIF:crackers? i thought you were dutch irish?
SIMMONS:fuck that shit. shut up and drive, bitch. yeahah, get some, suck it tits. ohoh, you want some, how about this?
SIMMONS:you like that? yeah, i got plenty more here! take that ya honkey mother fuckers!
CABOOSE:hey reds! why don't you pick on someone your own size?
CHURCH:uh, is he gonna be okay?
CABOOSE:i am caboose! the vehicle destroyer!
TUCKER:...yeah, probably.
CHURCH:hey one of them's still alive.
WYOMING:uuuhhh.
CHURCH:what's your plan, wyoming? why are you here, and what do you want with junior?
TUCKER:he already told me! my kid is the last part of that big prophecy we thought failed. he's supposed to become some big religious saviour for their whole race. or some crap.
TEX:what?
TUCKER:yeah, so they wanna make junior fulfill the prophecy and have o'malley infect him. then they can use him to enslave all the aliens by corrupting their religion from the inside.
CHURCH:okay. that's disgusting.
WYOMING:no, that's our job. to win the war at any cost.
CHURCH:yeah well good luck. now that we have you, all we need to do is stop o'malley. and tex will be more than happy to do that.
WYOMING:oh on the contrary, my friend. now that she knows our plan, not only will she not stop us; our dear tex is going to help us.
CHURCH:oh yeah. i'm sure she'd be happy to help o'malley. i'n't that right tex. tex?
TEX:he's right. this is freelancer tex, broadcasting on a open channel.
CHURCH:tex! what are you doing?
TEX:you want me o'malley? come and get me.
SIMMONS:hey caboooose.
GRIF:caboooose.
SIMMONS:come out so i can shoot you ya fuckstick!
GRIF:where did caboose go?
SARGE:i don't see 'im. caboose!
SIMMONS:come out caboose, all we wanna do is shoot you!
CABOOSE:don't listen to them, it's a trick!
TEX:this is freelancer tex broadcasting on an open channel.
CHURCH:this is private church broadcasting on an open channel.
GRIF:why are the blues on the radio?
SIMMONS:who knows? hey blues, shut the fuck up, get off our radios and quit running our batteries down!
O'MALLEY:do it now, or i will kill every last one of you! and then everyone else here as well! just to prove a point! mahahahahahahaha!
GRIF:whoa simmons, hey. don't you think that was a little over the top?
O'MALLEY:suck it you fool!
SARGE:and what's wrong with your voice?
O'MALLEY:nothing. why does something have to be wrong with my voice? maybe something's wrong with your voice. ever think about that, cocksucker?
GRIF:um, you do know that's sarge you're talking to, right?
SIMMONS:i mean cocksucker, sir!
O'MALLEY:muahaha, hahaha.
CHURCH:this is private church broadcasting on an open channel.
TEX:what are you doing?
CHURCH:i'm making you harder to find. tucker! turn on your radio!
TUCKER:fuhuck that! if o'malley gets me he'll get the sword.
CHURCH:attention all blues! turn on your radio and start broadcasting right now!
CABOOSE:okay, i'm on the radio too now! this is fun! what do you want to talk about?
CHURCH:well, he can't find you now tex.
TEX:don't get involved church. omega wants me, he can have me.
CHURCH:why, so you can kidnap tucker's kid? and enslave an entire race?
TUCKER:yeah what's up with that, bitch?
TEX:we have to win the war, church.
CHURCH:well what about after? you think omega's just gonna stop after he gets a whole species for an army? he's gonna take over everything tex, and you're not gonna be able to stop him!
TEX:i guess we'll find out.
DOC:hehey, uh church? it's doc. yeah uh, you remember that blue leader guy down here? weuh he's just keeled over. so i i think o'malley's on his way. just fyi.
CHURCH:tex, shut off your radio.
TEX:i would get away from me if i were you.
CHURCH:doc, any idea where he went?
DOC:i have no idea. and that alien buddy of his took off with junior too. if you want i could look for them on this computer down here.
CHURCH:computer? what?
DOC:yeah. it's showing us the whole canyon. what's with all the dead white guys?
CHURCH:what computer? well whatever, listen. just keep looking for him, and tell me if you find him.
DOC:okay.
SISTER:hey uh, shouldn't you try to help this guy?
DOC:what?
SISTER:aren't you, like the medic or something?
DOC:yeah okay whatever, shut up you talk too much.
SISTER:hey! you think i could use this thing to check myspace?
CHURCH:tex, is he in there?
TEX:no. is he in you?
CHURCH:bullshit, i think you're lying. i think that-
O'MALLEY:nothing, why does something have to be wrong with my voice? maybe something's wrong with your voice. you ever think about that cocksucker?
CHURCH:fuck! tucker, stop her!
GRIF:hey, who are you calling a buffoon? i am not a buffoon. i don't even know what a buffoon is!
SARGE:both o' ya shut up.
GRIF:seriously, what is that. some kinda monkey? it's a monkey isn't it.
O'MALLEY:you fool!
CHURCH:hey reds!
SARGE:freeze, you dirty blue!
CHURCH:n-n-n-n-n-no. hey, i'm here to help. omega's on the loose, and i think he's infected one of your guys.
SARGE:infected? initiate emergency plan delta, men!
GRIF:ow! what the fuck!?
CHURCH:i didn't say who-
GRIF:ow!
CHURCH:i think it's actually simmons.
DONUT:that's okay, that's how all our emergency plans begin.
SARGE:simmons, get off that gun right now!
O'MALLEY:no!
SARGE:what did you say to me?
O'MALLEY:i said no, hahaha! how do you like that? no!
SARGE:well since you asked, i don't like it at all!
O'MALLEY:fi-irst, i'm going to kill you. and then my plan to be leader of the reds will be complete! after that i'm going to kill every being in the universe. from now on, everyone will kiss my ass, hahahahaha!
CHURCH:uh, yeah, it's definitely simmons that got infected.
SARGE:well no shit. donut! initiate emergency plan traitor simmons number eleven!
DONUT:on it sir!
GRIF:ow-how-how-how. *gagging sounds*
SARGE:donut! i said plan eleven!
DONUT:where am i gonna get a steamroller?
SARGE:simmons, do not fire that weapon. that's an order!
O'MALLEY:too late sarge! simmons is getting a promotion. mahaha, mua-
O'MALLEY:ow, the back of my lower legs! ow, the side of my head! the back of my face! the front of my front!
TUCKER:hey church, i think tex is over here!
CHURCH:thanks for the update!
SARGE:tex i know now might not be the best time, but i'd really like you to consider coming over to the red team. technically you know black is just a really dark shade of red. we'll talk later.
CABOOSE:church, are we still talking on the radio?
O'MALLEY:muhahahahaha! 'cause i'd love to talk on the radio. what? what am i doing in this idiot?
O'MALLEY:hegagergerk!
CHURCH:heuh, crap. sarge, i need you to do me a favour. if i'm not outta there in ten minutes, i'm gonna need you to disable that ship. 'cause if tex gets out of here with o'malley and that kid, there's noone that's gonna be able to stop her.
SARGE:what the hell is he talkin' about?
TUCKER:oh. tex and omega have some kind of stupid plan to enslave the whole alien race. but church thinks if she does, she's gonna become the queen of the universe or some shit.
DONUT:*gasp* queen of the universe? noone even told me we were having a competition!
CHURCH:oh crap.
SARGE:what in sam hell just happened here?
GRIF:i'll tell you what happened, my own fucking teammate-
GRIF:ow!
SARGE:nice to have you back simmons.
SIMMONS:thank you sir, good to be back! cocksucker.
SARGE:alright then, let's go blow up that ship.
TUCKER:hey, church said to wait 'til he gets out.
SARGE:well that's a nice idea son, but blowin' up stuff ain't a democracy. simmons, where can we get some explosives?
SIMMONS:well, if you recall, we recently saw andy the bomb and lopez in one of the caves. so-
SARGE:of course! come on men! let's got ask lopez if he knows where we can find some explosives!
SIMMONS:*sigh* excellent plan sir.
CHURCH:man, this place has really gone to hell. i guess maintenance isn't a priority. caboose! tex! anyone in here!? what was that? caboose? tex? omega?
MENTAL SIMMONS:freeze! look! i capture someone! i am the best! i mean, i'm the best one that isn't caboose!
MENTAL GRIF:(voice all scratchy) great job simon!
MENTAL SIMMONS:thanks orangish guy whose name i really don't remember.
MENTAL DONUT:(female voice) let's all go shopping to celebrate.
MENTAL SARGE:dar, let's be making him walk the plank.
CHURCH:oh. hey reds. hey have you guys seen omega or tex?
MENTAL SIMMONS:stop asking questions hue! we don't like questions in here. thinking of answers makes people's heads hurt.
MENTAL TUCKER:hey guys, what's up?
CHURCH:tucker, how did you get in here?
MENTAL TUCKER:i'm in here all the time. i have this sword now. you might think it's cool but it isn't. nobody wants to play with it because it's dumb, and even though i don't let people play with it noone cares anyway. because it's dumb.
CHURCH:oh, right. tucker.
MENTAL TUCKER:also i'm stupid and ugly. and my butt stinks. like a butt.
CHURCH:alright alright okay, okay, guys listen. i need you to take me, to mister caboose, can you do that?
MENTAL SIMMONS:*gasp* why would we do that?
CHURCH:oh, uh because i am... ugh... because i'm, his best, friend.
MENTAL SIMMONS:oh, nice to meet you.
MENTAL SARGE:jolly good day, mister caboose. we be havin' a prisoner for you we do.
CHURCH:i thought you had a pirate accent?
MENTAL SARGE:arr, i'm not very consistent. yurrr.
CHURCH:caboose, hey, it's me church.
MENTAL CABOOSE:yes. hello church. you must be very happy to see me.
CHURCH:yeah, right, of course. i'm so happy i wann fuckin' puke.
MENTAL SISTER:(male voice) hey what's up.
CHURCH:hey who the fuck are you? sister?
MENTAL SISTER:yep. i'm sister... church's twin brother. i came here in a spaceship, that came from the moon. it crashed next to blue base, and now i live with caboose, and the people from the tail section of the spaceship, live on the other side of the island.
CHURCH:what the fuck that's like wrong in eight different ways.
MENTAL SISTER:yeah. i know. tell me about it.
CHURCH:caboose, do you ever listen, to anything that we tell you?
MENTAL CABOOSE:new church is my best friend.
NEW CHURCH:i would argue with that too, but... what's the point.
MENTAL TUCKER:did i mention that i had a baby but i won't tell anyone how babies are made? not that it matters because everyone knows how anyway. stupid babies!
CHURCH:okay enough. has anybody seen tex or omega? i'm in kind of a rush.
MENTAL SIMMONS:i haven't, but you know who might know? those two new people that we saw fighting over by the ramps. we could ask them.
CHURCH:okay. let's go do that.
CHURCH:oh shit, they're not fighting, that's bad for me. alright tucker quick, i need you to jump out there, and kill'em with your sword. if they die in here, they get forced out of caboose's head.
TUCKER:no way that sounds scary, you do it. i wanna get back to my busy day smelling butts.
CHURCH:dude i can't, your sword only works for y- ...wait a minute. there's no possible way he understands that, fuck it give me the sword dude.
SARGE:okay andy, we're gonna need you to get in that ship and explode. you think you can take out the whole thing?
ANDY:you bet! just say the word and i'll detonate. man, this is gonna be great!
SHEILA:hello lopez.
LOPEZ:sheila? el es t?
CAPTION:sheila? is it you?
SHEILA:yes. it is good to see you again.
ANDY:hoh, lopez! looks like your girlfriend's put on a little weight!
DONUT:andy, that's rude.
ANDY:what? you were all thinkin' it. i mean, i'm just saying. someone should seriously consider switchin' to unleaded.
TEX:but i have your word that none of them will be hurt.
CHURCH:tex get away from him!
CHURCH:fuc- deawn! booya!
TEX:no! dammit church!
CHURCH:awesome, i'm like a fuckin' jedi. aw fuck they're both dead. quick, somebody kill me. quick, hurry please, somebod- anybody! please, just fucking kill me!
MENTAL SIMMONS:why?
CHURCH:because i need to get outta here, come on please, hurry, quick just kill me please! hurry it'll be fun, i'm a dick.
MENTAL SIMMONS:none of our guns work, we just have them for show.
MENTAL DONUT:mine is just a purse.
CHURCH:gah, you know, never mind.
NEW CHURCH:hey can i ask you one quick que-
CHURCH:caboose, what happened?
CABOOSE:tex appeared out of nowhere and beat up tucker which was awesome, and took his sword. also, someone may have been surprised by that, and peed his pants, just a little bit. or a lot.
CHURCH:i was only behind him like thirty seconds, what the fuck where is she!?
CABOOSE:she took the sword and a wyoming helmet to the ship. i think she went to the ship to save tucker's kid. he's on the ship too now.
CHURCH:fuck! what bout o'malley, where's he?
O'MALLEY:uhuhuhuha! that's the problem with living in a patriarchal society; men just automatically assume they know everything. hahaha!
CHURCH:never mind.
NEW CHURCH:huh? what is this place? hey buddy, are you okay? what's that noise?
YELLOW CHURCH:...
CHURCHES:...
YELLOW CHURCH:well fuck.
FLOWERS:hello fellas, how's everything going out here?
TUCKER:not good. hey, you don't sound evil any more.
FLOWERS:thanks for noticing private, yeah, being possessed by an evil force can be difficult at times, but with a little hard work, and positive thinking, you can overcome anything.
TUCKER:i think you mean hard work, positive thinking, and no longer being useful as a pawn in their evil plan.
FLOWERS:hyeah, that too. so, who are we fighting today?
TUCKER:uh, you know, the usual. tex, red team-
FLOWERS:red team, those old rascals. some things never change. they still wearing red armour these days?
TUCKER:umm, yeah.
FLOWERS:oh, red team.
TUCKER:hey, i could use some help.
FLOWERS:you bet. and i have some information about the reds that will guarantee our victory.
TUCKER:you do?!
FLOWERS:ahai certainly do. would you like to hear it?
TUCKER:yeah i wanna hear it!
FLOWERS:great! because i'm just about to tell you!
TUCKER:...
FLOWERS:...
TUCKER:okay, why aren't you telling me?
FLOWERS:good question. i seem to be dramatically pausing for some-
FLOWERS:hurk, bleah.
TUCKER:well good riddance. i wasn't giving this armour back anyway.
SIMMONS:wuho easy donut. you've been infected by a computer virus, and we just need to figure out what to do about it.
O'MALLEY:wuhuhuhaa, huha! no! it's my body! it's my choice! and another thing: why do i do as much work as you guys, but i only make ninety-two percent-
SARGE:hey, don't hit my soldiers without my permission.
O'MALLEY:i'm the one who gets to hit mah soldiers. wahahaha, yeah! eat lead, world. drop and give me infinity.
GRIF:sarge, you've finally gone crazy.
O'MALLEY:whoa, that's weird. i have a sudden urge to conquer the universe. which is odd for me because, well that would take actual work... i think i'll just fall asleep instead.
DOC:we're here, is anyone hurt?
O'MALLEY:anyone need to be killed? huhuhahahahuhuhuh!
CHURCH:i know that laugh! nobody move!
O'MALLEY:you know uh... i don't really feel all that different. mha, mhu mha, mhu mhu, mhuh. uh, nuh, feels pretty much the same, that's, that's kinda weird, ah, amean, expected more-
CHURCH:where'd he go, where'd he go? is he gone? ...tex?
TEX:church run!
CHURCH:tex, don't!
O'MALLEY:you have no idea what kind of trouble you are in. nahah!
CHURCH:wait, tex you don't want to do this!
O'MALLEY:sheila, are you ready?
SHEILA:all systems online. ignition coil activated. starting thrusters.
O'MALLEY:launch when ready.
SHEILA:please, take your seats. launching in three, two, one.
CHURCH:tex, don't, do this.
SHEILA:liftoff.
TEX:goodbye.
CHURCH:we have to stop her right now!
SARGE:no problemo blue. andy you there?
ANDY:i'm here coach!
CHURCH:what's going on!?
ANDY:tex is hooking up wyoming's helmet to the computer.
SARGE:ready for your job soldier?
ANDY:you bet!
SARGE:alright then son, do what you were born to do. detonate.
ANDY:hey, you want me to start from ten or three? come on let's build it up a little bit, suspense it'll kill 'em. ten!
CHURCH:i told you to disable the ship-
ANDY:nine!
CHURCH:-not destroy it!
ANDY:eight!
SARGE:oh well, score one for the red team i guess.
ANDY:seven!
TUCKER:what about my kid?
ANDY:six!
SARGE:oh right-
ANDY:five!
SARGE:-score two.
ANDY:four!
CHURCH:andy! do not-
ANDY:three!
CHURCH:-detonate, can you see her heading?
ANDY:two!
CHURCH:do you know where she's going!?
ANDY:one!
CHURCH:...tex?
GRIF:boo, no explosion! that sucked.
SARGE:haha, blammo!
DONUT:wow, that explosion was awesome!
GRIF:what explosion, i didn't see it, do it again!
TUCKER:uh church, what should we do?
CHURCH:do whatever you want. i'm goin' home.
TUCKER:hyeah, fuck this.
SIMMONS:sarge... are, we fighting?
SARGE:no simmons, i think they've had their ass kicked enough for one day. let's leave some for tomorrow.
CABOOSE:church.
CHURCH:yeah.
CABOOSE:ya ever wonder why we're here?
CHURCH:you know caboose, i used to not care. i just went along with orders, and hoped that everything would work out for me. but after all that's happened, you know what i've learned? it's not about hating the guy on the other side because someone told you to. i mean, you should hate someone because they're an asshole, or a pervert, or snob, or they're lazy, or arrogant or an idiot or know-it-all. those are reasons to dislike somebody. you don't hate a person because someone told you to. you have to learn to despise people on a personal level. not because they're red, or because they're blue, but because ya know them, and you see them every single day. and you can't stand them, because they're a complete and total fucking douchebag.
CABOOSE:...
CHURCH:...
CABOOSE:i meant why are we up here in the sun, when we could be standing down there in the shade.
CHURCH:oh. yeah okay, let's go stand in the shade.
SIMMONS:what're they doing?
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:i said what're they doing now?
GRIF:i don't know man, talking. that's all these guys ever do, they just stand around and talk.
SIMMONS:... what're they talking about?
GRIF:you know what? i hate you.
SIMMONS:yeah. i hate you too buddy.
SARGE:hey ladies, get down here! i built a new vehicle from some old warthog parts we had laying around!
DONUT:it's an atv! it's hawhawsome!
SARGE:front 'n' center on the double! we need help naming this thing. and nothin' stupid this time.
SIMMONS:i get to name this one.
GRIF:why?
SIMMONS:because you named the last one.
GRIF:hey simmons? just one thing.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:shotgun!
SIMMONS:fuck!
CHURCH:do whatever you want. i'm goin' home.
SIMMONS:sarge... are, we fighting?
SARGE:vic. come in, vic!
VIC:yeah dude, whadoyou want dude.
SARGE:we need you to send reinforcements, or an air strike! we got the blues on the run. we can wipe them out for good this time.
VIC:nope, nuh-uh.
SARGE:i'm tellin' you it's gonna- excuse me?
VIC:i said no, we're not helping you dude. you blew up our ship and screwed up our plan. dirty business. so you have your little fight and you leave us out of it from now on.
SARGE:but, but the blues, and... the winning and the, the killing of the blues, and the murder! isn't that why we're here? they have a base, we have a base, they have to die! vic! vic! viiic? vic! hruh! fugahugafuh.
SIMMONS:sarge, where are you going?
SARGE:to get some answers.
SARGE:vic! i know it's you, answer me! what's going on? why are we here? why aren't you helping us?
SIMMONS:what's he doing?
GRIF:he's going crazy! that's what he's doing. this is awesome!
SARGE:vic! either you start answerin' me, or i start blastin'.
SIMMONS:um, sarge, we don't know what that computer does. it may control more than we think. taking it offline might be catastrophic.
VIC:dude. you should listen to him dude.
SARGE:i know more than you think, simmons. if my theory is correct, then deactivating this machine could tear apart the very fabric of reality! but that tear would start under blue base! which means for a few sweet nanoseconds, red army would enjoy glorious victory before being sucked in to oblivion! hahah, score.
DONUT:sarge, i'm scared!
GRIF:hey blues! i think you should get down here. sarge is messing with that computer that's connected to everything, and i think he's trying to shut it down.
CHURCH:so what? shut down your computer. what do we care?
CHURCH:what was that?
SARGE:how'd you like that? here's another!
VIC:ow dude! that was my heat sink. now where the fuck am i gonna sink my heat?
GRIF:whohoa, hey sarge, i'm really glad you realized command's full of shit and all, but could you be a little more careful? i almost got killed by a stalagmite!
DONUT:grif it's stalagtites. stalagmites are the ones that grow up from the ground.
GRIF:who cares? the point is, i almost got killed by a huge fucking-
GRIF:ow.
SARGE:yeah, i did it! i shut him down! and there are absolutely no negative repercussions.
SARGE:what the hell is this?
SARGE:yeah, i am the winner of the what the hell am i lookin' at?
GRIF:what the fuck was that?
SIMMONS:that was the weirdest match i've ever played.
CHURCH:dude that sucked, i got team-killed in like the first ten seconds.
CABOOSE:sorry, that was my fault. some guy kept screaming in to the mic.
TUCKER:bow chicka bow wow!
CHURCH:dude! shut up.
CABOOSE:see?
TUCKER:bow chicka bow wow!
CHURCH:alright that's it, i'm muting him.
SARGE:alright, let's play another.
DONUT:dude i am not wearing that armour again.
CHURCH:yeah same teams, new map.
EVERYONE:new map!
SARGE:yeah blues, what're we gonna do? maybe we can all cry big blue tears over our busted ship. and who busted it? oh that's right, red army busted it! then they killed the girlfriend, and the gross little snot monster. i always thought women and children first men-
SARGE:oh, son of a bitch!
SIMMONS:sarge?
SIMMONS:sarge?
GRIF:okay hey, we killed one of your guys, and you killed one of ours. that makes us even.
SIMMONS:actually, we killed tex and junior, and they killed sarge. so technically that means we killed two people, and they only killed one.
SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
GRIF:okay now we're even, seriously!
GRIF:every man for himself!
CHURCH:caboose! get in that tank and give us cover fire.
CABOOSE:okay.
CHURCH:and don't shoot me this time!
CABOOSE:okay!
CHURCH:son of a bitch!
CABOOSE:wait, what was that first part again?
CABOOSE:abandon ship! running running running!
TUCKER:don't worry sister, i'll protect you.
SARGE:aha, got ya blues.
TUCKER:sarge? i thought you were dead!
SARGE:i was dead. doc revived me.
DOC:that's right! and if anyone else needs medical attention, i would be more than happy to help-
DOC:son of a bitch!
SARGE:oh, i'm sorry. doc will be unable to assist anyone else.
SARGE:ah, son of a bitch again. medic!
TUCKER:well sister, this looks like it. i don't think we're gonna make it. the reds are on the attack, and now doc is dead and can't help us.
DOC:actually i'm not dead. if you could just hand me my first, aid ki-
DOC:ohsonofabitch.
TUCKER:and now that doc is actually dead, i don't think we're gonna make it. i don't wanna die a virgin.
SISTER:ooh, yeah.
TUCKER:wouldn't you rather spend your last few moments as a lover, and not as a figher?
SISTER:i never thought about that, uh huh.
TUCKER:i've always wanted to go out-
SISTER:hey ah, no offense, are you gonna keep talking or are we gonna see some action?
TUCKER:bow chicka bow-
TUCKER:ow!
GRIF:stay away from my sister!
TUCKER:son of a bitch!
SISTER:grif, i liked him, he was nice to me!
GRIF:son of a bitch!
SISTER:son of a bitch! i can't believe you hit a girl.
DONUT:whatever bitch! reow!
DONUT:now it's time to pound some caboose. woohoo!
DONUT:son of a bitch!
CABOOSE:i won! i am the greatest! i beat everyone! and now, noone is left but me.
CABOOSE:son of a bitch.
CHURCH:hi everyone, i'm private church from the popular web series red vs blue. you know, this is the time o' year when we all try to figure out ways to avoid spending any more time with our families than we absolutely have to.
GRIF:and there's no better way to do that than hiding from them in a big dark room with a bunch of strangers.
CHURCH:we're talking of course about going to the movies. or if you find today's movies to be too sexually explicit... a strip club.
GRIF:unfortunately, movie-going manners aren't quite what they used to be.
CHURCH:nowadays most people treat a movie theatre like their own home. and they treat their home, like a gas station bathroom, which is gross.
GRIF:so, we thought it would be a good idea to remind everybody of some common movie-going mistakes to avoid.
ANDY:previews? what the hell is that? i don't want some pre-viewed movie that other people have seen already! those are the sloppy seconds of cinema!
SIMMONS:aw, shut up!
TUCKER:shut up!
CHURCH:shut up!
VOICE ON SCREEN:come on shhhhh.
ANDY:silence is golden!? ain't there any dialog in this picture? that's okay, i got my own soundtrack. this, sucks. zing!
GRIF:no you suck!
DONUT:this isn't open mic night!
ANDY:i heard this movie got two thumbs up. my question is, up what? ohhhhhh, that burns!
SIMMONS:why don't you go kill yourself?
CABOOSE:excuse me, excuse me, i- i i have to go to the bathroom. ...again.
SIMMONS:get out o' my way, i can't see.
CABOOSE:it's not my fault the small drink is a hundred and sixty-four ounces.
CABOOSE:oh... emergency. emergency!
TUCKER:sit down you retard.
ALIEN:honk, blarg!
ANDY:sit down and shut up!
CABOOSE:don't yell at me. i have a nervous bladdar. oh boy. ehhhhh... it's okay, i i don't have to go any more.
SIMMONS:oh gross.
CABOOSE:i'm thirsty again.
SIMMONS:hang up the fucking phone!
CHURCH:turn that off!
SISTER:god, chill out everybody i have to take this! it could be incredibly important. yo, whaddup fool?
SIMMONS:can it!
SISTER:aw, nothin'. whatchu doin'?
ANDY:pipe down.
SISTER:oh no way, i'm watchin' that movie right now too.
CHURCH:shut up!
SISTER:oh snap we're in the same theatre!
DONUT:what's up gerl!
SISTER:what's up dawg? god, doesn't this movie suck? all the people in here're assholes.
BABY ALIEN:hrr, hnnk blarg, hrrr.
GRIF:shut that kid up!
TUCKER:don't tell me how to raise my child.
BABY ALIEN:hrrrrrr!
CABOOSE:i hate babies.
SIMMONS:oh come on, take the little brat to the lobby!
TUCKER:alright, that's it, get him junior.
SIMMONS:whoa!
DONUT:i didn't know it was gonna be an action movie. ewww, it's nc seventeen action movie.
SIMMONS:oh god my spine, put it back in, put it back in!
GRIF:so there ya have it. just avoid a few simple mistakes, and you'll have a fun and safe time at the movies.
CHURCH:hey could we wrap this up? i gotta get to a movie in a few minutes, i need to get a new tape for my video camera.
GRIF:you're going to videotape the movie?
CHURCH:yeah, so?
GRIF:oh, man, you gotta go digital. you'll get a much better copy for the black market.
CHURCH:oh, good idea man, thanks. you know, i just hope nobody makes too much noise during the show. people who talk during movies are really ruining the industry.
GRIF:yeah, there aughta be a law. criminals.
GRIF:hey everybody, i'm private grif from the popular web series red vs blue.
SIMMONS:and i'm private simmons. you know, these days our world is faced with an ever-growing crisis. what to do with the enormous mountains of totally crappy gadgets we throw away as soon as the better ones come out.
GRIF:yeah, and about three weeks after you buy the most kickass camera or cell phone on the market, you realise that you're already hopelessly out of date. and then you have to upgrade again.
CABOOSE:soemone help me - i lost my gas powered internet-enabled blow dryer! i have a lot of moistness that i need to dismoisten! and also i need to do it while i am webpaging about moistness.
SIMMONS:technology is moving so fast these days that no-one can really keep up with it. and only a very small number of people even want to.
GRIF:nerds.
SIMMONS:so, instead of rushing out to buy a bunch of new technology you aren't smart enough to use, try following these easy steps to simplify your life.
GRIF:step 1: don't buy things that you can't use. sure, a combination blender/electric toilet sounds convenient now, what the hell?
SIMMONS:what the hell's wrong with our on-screen text generator? i just upgraded this thing!
GRIF:well that's just great, now our instructions look like a bunch of bad tattoos.
SARGE:once again you boneheads have screwed up everything!
SIMMONS:sarge, did you just skate in here on a pair of robot vacuums?
SARGE:don't be ridiculous, simmons. these are robot vacuum smart-phones! you see the answer to today's overabundance of technology isn't fewer useless gadgets, it's more useless features in fewer usable gadgets!
SIMMONS:what?
SARGE:and of course it plays mp3s. everything's gotta play mp3s - except your mp3 player! it now plays mp4s, 'cause everybody knows mp3s are a dead technology. they're our generation's betamax. and the next generation's blu-ray.
GRIF:what? blu-ray just came out. it can't be obsolete already.
SARGE:nonsense, numb-nuts. being released to the public is what makes technology obsolete. the only way to stay ahead of the curve is to invest in products that don't exist, and hopefully never will. like the iplunger, or the nintendonut.
SIMMONS:hhh, or the simmons two point five upgrade...
SARGE:aw, that's just vaporware and you know it. anyway, everybody knows this year's blu-ray, is gonna be red-ray. heh heh.
GRIF:what about hd-dvd?
SARGE:bad marketing. not enough repeated letters in the name to be catchy. so it's being replaced with hhddvvdbvds.
SIMMONS:but sarge, wouldn't life just be easier if we didn't have these format wars?
SARGE:of course not, moron. war is always a good thing.
GRIF:but what about all the confusing multiple standards?
SARGE:grif, you know i'm a firm believer in double standards. especially if they cause you pain and suffering.
CHURCH:tada!
SIMMONS:whohoa, church! did you just teleport here from blue base?
CHURCH:actually i just came back from the future. i got this new wristwatch, it's got a pedometer and a built-in time machine. oh and it also plays mp3s. but in the future we don't call 'em mp3s. we call 'em mp48s.
GRIF:sweet.
CHURCH:yeah, you can also play mp48s on your hhdvdbdbd player.
SARGE:dar dern, they stole my idea.
SIMMONS:jesus!
CHURCH:ah, what's that noise!?
SIMMONS:it's my cell phone. donut must have borrowed it. he's always overclocking the vibrate setting and calling himself for some reason.
GRIF:gross.
SIMMONS:hello? caboose, who gave you this number?
CABOOSE:i would just like everyone to know i found my nuclear powered and sms messaging bowling ball. and i'm going to activate it now, if anyone wants to text me while i play.
ANDY:hey, i told you already! those ain't finger-holes!
SIMMONS:look, i think andy's resting on one of those laptops with the exploding batteries!
CABOOSE:uh oh.
GRIF:hey doc, nobody likes you.
DOC:what? what're you talking about, everybody likes me.
GRIF:yeah everybody hates you. you don't fit in.
DOC:oh? i think i fit in just fine.
GRIF:hreally.
DOC:yes.
GRIF:okay, then let me ask you this doc. what's your zombie plan?
DOC:my what?
GRIF:there's two kinds of people in the world doc, those who have a plan prepared for when the zombies take over the earth, and those who don't. we call those last people "dinner."
DOC:nobody does that.
GRIF:in my zombie plan, i'm going to alaska, because zombies have no body heat. they'll freeze like corpsicles. it's brilliant.
DOC:nobody else thinks about stuff like that.
GRIF:hey simmons!
SIMMONS:(at the warthog down below) what?!
GRIF:what's your zombie plan?
SIMMONS:i have two weeks' worth of food stored in my attic. i climb up and pull up the ladder with me.
DOC:what!?
GRIF:and what happens at the end of the two weeks?
SIMMONS:oh, i'm keeping that to myself. i don't wanna risk you turning in to a zombie and knowing what i'm up to.
DOC:oh come on!
SIMMONS:you still doin' alaska?
GRIF:you know it!
SIMMONS:you'll never make it, grif. the major freeways will be choked with stalled cars from people trying to flee the major population centers. it's gonna be nothin' but a tasty flesh bottleneck.
GRIF:i'm just gonna have to take that risk.
SIMMONS:good luck to you grif.
GRIF:good luck to you too, simmons.
DOC:are you guys brain damaged?
SARGE:(appearing on the base) hey, knuckleheads, what's all the yammerin' about?
DOC:hey sarge, do you have a, quote, zombie plan, unquote? hmhm.
SARGE:a zombie plan, of course not!
DOC:see, i told you-
SARGE:i have thirty-seven different zombie plans!
GRIF:wow! now that's preparation. i am seriously impressed, sarge.
SARGE:don't be, dirtbag. in thirty-six of the thirty-seven plans i use your fresh corpse as bait, so that i can make my initial escape, from the legions of the undead!
GRIF:well, at least i know there's one plan where i-
SARGE:and in the thirty-seventh plan, i knowingly infect myself with the zombie virus, just so that i can devour you!
DOC:sarge you've gotta be pullin' my leg.
SARGE:why do you think i carry a shotgun with me at all times? you have to be ready to act on a moment's notice! hyah!
DOC:guys, with all the problems in the world, i can't believe you spend this much time thinking about-
DOC:what's that?
SARGE:romero's beard, the blues have been infected!
SIMMONS:if anyone needs me, i'll be in the attic!
GRIF:hello, juneau!
SARGE:wait, grif! i need your delicious meat for most of my plans! hey there doc, uh, you don't wanna give me a hand with something, do ya?
DOC:no.
SARGE:where's your moistest meat?
TUCKER:hey church, how long do we keep this up?
CHURCH:when they all go in to hiding, grab their flag and run.
CABOOSE:brian... i want brian...
TUCKER:caboose it's brains, not brian.
CABOOSE:oup, sorry, i must have read the script wrong. moaning... moaning!...
TEX:shut up you guys! they're gonna hear us.
TUCKER:hey tex, be it's been a while since you had some fresh meat.
TEX:up yours.
TUCKER:bow chicka bow wuuuuuuuuuuuh...
GRIF:hey everyone! you know it's this time o' year when our thoughts turn to our family and our friends.
SIMMONS:that's why we here at red vs blue wanna wish every one of you a very merry chris-
DOC:hold it right there guys.
GRIF:doc, stop interrupting our holiday message.
DOC:uh yeah. listen guys, you should really know the holidays can be one of the most offensive times of the year.
SIMMONS:offensive? holidays are awesome. you get tons of christmas presents, and you eat a bunch of candy canes.
DOC:but just think about how exclusionary that statement is to people that don't celebrate christmas! or to dentists. or to people who use canes!
SIMMONS:huh, i never looked at it that way.
GRIF:oh come on. i suppose you want us to chicken out and just say "happy holidays"?
DOC:yeah, i don't know. holidays implies holy. some people aren't religious at all. also the word "happy" might be insensitive to people who suffer from depression.
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:he's right you know. each year, clinical depression affects millions of americans.
DOC:don't say americans.
SIMMONS:oops! right, you're right, sorry.
GRIF:?
DOC:what, it's a global platform.
SARGE:what're you knuckle-heads yackin' about? i thought i ordered you to have yule-tide cheer! i don't see any yules, now get to yulein'!
GRIF:the grinch over there is tellin' us we can't do the holiday message.
SARGE:what in sam hell? what commie told ya that? i'll kick him in his kringle. i'll punch him in his holly bush. i'm gonna rip off his partridge and kick him in the pear trees!
GRIF:doc and simmons are worried about offending people that don't celebrate christmas.
DOC:eeeeee...
GRIF:euhhhh, i mean the holidays.
DOC:hhhh still kinda...
GRIF:huhhhh, that don't celebrate a special time at the end of the year. is that better?
DOC:the aztecs use a different calendar. the end of their year is actually-
GRIF:oh come on. the aztecs have been dead for like a billion years.
SARGE:for once i agree with grif. this is total nonsense! this is our show. we can say whatever kind of greeting we want.
DOC:okay let's all just calm down, before somebody gets too festive. hchm pardon me, i meant "seasonally excited."
SARGE:that's a bunch of rudolph droppings if you ask me. i'm not scared of offending people! just watch me go. hi, this is sarge from red vs blue. and i wanna wish everybody a very merry-
SARGE:hey, get that thing outta here.
SARGE:and give us back our colour!
SARGE:that's better. now as i was saying...
GRIF:uh, sarge? i'd be careful if i were you...
SARGE:they can't stop the signal. now, on behalf of everyone here at red vs blue, we wanna wish you all out there a very merry-
GRIF:whoa what happened, where'd sarge go?
DOC:i guess they stopped the signal.
SIMMONS:okay, well, if we can't say happy holidays then what can we say, hmmm...
DOC:just think of something as inoffensive as possible.
SIMMONS:what if we just say "hi"? hello.
DOC:in what language?
GRIF:heuhhhhh.
SIMMONS:how about, if we just send a universal mathematical message with no implied emotion.
DOC:would you send it in hexadecimal?
SIMMONS:yes.
DOC:o k.
SARGE:and happy tchanukah, yous guys.
CHURCH:as most of you have probably heard, the global machinima festival is taking place in europe for the first time this year.
TUCKER:is it really the first time?
CHURCH:i don't know, i think so. it sounds good, just run with it.
TUCKER:okay.
CHURCH:now our series "red vs blue" is made in america.
TUCKER:and we couldn't help but think how red vs blue might be different if it was made in other countries.
CHURCH:tucker, europe isn't a country.
TUCKER:sorry. i mean other cities like europe.
CHURCH:europe isn't a city.
TUCKER:other states?
CHURCH:come on.
TUCKER:city-states?
CHURCH:no.
TUCKER:okay, what is europe then?
CHURCH:it's a continent.
TUCKER:ohh, that explains it then. i don't believe in continents church. i belive in god.
CHURCH:what? that doesn't even make any sen-
TUCKER:yeah, so anyway, here's red vs blue if it was made in other godless countries. like europe.
FRENCH:un film d'importance incroyable
ENGLISH:a film of incredible importance
CHURCH:la guerre tait terrible.
CAPTION:the war was terrible.
CHURCH:et j'tais juste un homme.
CAPTION:and i was just one man.
GRIF:ee la fuck you. si vous plais.
CHURCH:fuck you la rouge! fuck you!
GRIF:non, fuck you!
CHURCH:fech you!
SARGE:kiss ma derrire, bleu.
CHURCH:la guerre tait terrible.
CAPTION:the war was terrible.
CHURCH:et j'tais juste un homme.
CAPTION:and i was just one man.fin?
FRENCH:pay par l'organisme gouvernemental pour l'overtaxation et l'art incomprhensible
ENGLISH:paid for with tax funds
GERMAN:kino ist alle wahrheitschadenfreude
GERMAN:bedeutungslose lange wrter
GERMAN:verantwortungszustndigkeiten
GERMAN:oktoberfest
TUCKER:dis ist ein halo.
GERMAN:vorbei dargestellt lwenbru - das "budweiser" von deutschland
CHURCH:working in army all day, sure is good for the country. i am very proud to be serving our leader -
RUSSIAN VOICE:nikolai petrovski.
CHURCH:i sure do love -
RUSSIAN VOICE:nikolai petrovski.
TUCKER:me too. it is so hard to believe he is in power for -
RUSSIAN VOICE:one half.
TUCKER:years. he does such an -
RUSSIAN VOICE:excellent.
TUCKER:job, make sure that people are -
RUSSIAN VOICE:happy.
TUCKER:and -
RUSSIAN VOICE:that they have wheat.
TUCKER:i sure do love -
RUSSIAN VOICE:having wheat.
TUCKER:and -
RUSSIAN VOICE:nikolai petrovski.
EVERYONE:red and blue soldiers go, hey!
SARGE:i am sargeant man! the leader! yeah, tough!
CABOOSE:d'oh!
GRIF:me, it is grif, the other dumb one!
CHURCH:and me!
EVERYONE:go, hey!
CHURCH:the hell was that!?
TUCKER:dude, that was fucking awesome is what that was.
CHURCH:tucker, japan isn't even in europe.
TUCKER:hyeah it is dude, they have that union now. that one with the overinflated money.
CHURCH:japan's not in that.
TUCKER:yeah they are. they're that island with all the bad television shows.
CHURCH:that's england!
TUCKER:oh right. you know what man, forget it. let's just do red vs blue the american way. where we drive big cars, and blow shit up.
CHURCH:yeah, i guess we should just stick with what works.
VOICE:prime display activated. restoring functions.
A.I.:hello, how may i be of assistance to you?
SOLDIER:instruction: identify yourself.
A.I.:executing; i am intelligence program delta, as created for the special operative program freelancer. i have been assigned to agent foxtrot twelve. or, york. my assignment was recently killed in combat.
SOLDIER:i noticed. hold on.
SOLDIER:come in, command. this is recovery one. i've located the delta a.i. he appears in tact.
COMMAND:this is command, we need a full inventory of the carrier's equipment before it's decommissioned.
RECOVERY ONE:why do you need that?
COMMAND:recovery one, please respond to the directive. perform a complete inventory.
RECOVERY ONE:roger command. recovery one out. delta, instruction: run a full system diagnostic, with detail on armor components, analyze inventory.
DELTA:executing, result: all components present. armor at 70% peak capacity.
RECOVERY ONE:not bad for an old locksmith. hey, need you to start a countdown for me. one hundred on the clock.
DELTA:initiating. one hundred. ninety-nine. ninety-eight. may i make an inquiry?
RECOVERY ONE:go ahead.
DELTA:why was i not destroyed?
RECOVERY ONE:what?
DELTA:when an assignee is killed in action, protocol dictates that all intelligence programs be destroyed.
RECOVERY ONE:yeah that's what they told me at first too. but you were encrypted until you could be recovered. i'm here to recover you.
DELTA:recovery carries risk. destruction ensures that an a.i. will not fall in to enemy hands.
RECOVERY ONE:are you complaining?
DELTA:not at all! just noting a discrepency.
RECOVERY ONE:what do you want from me guy? you cost a lot of money, okay? it's cheaper to recover you than it is to delete you. go bitch to the accountants.
DELTA:if i have offended you, i do apologize.
RECOVERY ONE:yeah, i'm all busted up about it. now, store yourself in a portable component, okay? i'm moving you.
DELTA:you could insert me in to your own a.i. slot. i do not show it as occupied.
RECOVERY ONE:i don't think so.
DELTA:if you are having difficulty, i can walk you through the implantation procedure.
RECOVERY ONE:i don't do that.
DELTA:are you agent washington?
RECOVERY ONE:that's me.
DELTA:then i understand. you had, difficulties with your assigned a.i. unit.
WASHINGTON:difficulties? yeah, i suppose that's a word.
DELTA:in that case, i must insist that you terminate my program. destruction ensures that an a.i. will not fall in to-
WASHINGTON:look, delta, just relax. i don't think you're in any danger of getting hijacked by one of the four dead guys here with us.
DELTA:three.
WASHINGTON:what?
DELTA:my sensors indicate only three inert human forms. yourself and one other remain active.
WASHINGTON:wha-
WASHINGTON:huh!
WASHINGTON:great, thanks for telling me!
DELTA:i suggest you return fire.
WASHINGTON:ya think?
WASHINGTON:son of a!-
WASHINGTON:dammit.
WASHINGTON:what the hell?
DELTA:perhaps he realized that york's equipment was charged to detonate. currently t-minus four,
WASHINGTON:instruction! storage, now!
DELTA:executing.
DELTA:two. one.
WASHINGTON:well, at least that was easier than the last one.
COMMAND:recovery one, this is command, we have a level one distress signal, immediate response necessary.
WASHINGTON:i just wrapped that up, command. i'm headed home.
COMMAND:negative, recovery one, this is a new signal.
WASHINGTON:that's the fifth one this month.
COMMAND:affirmative.
WASHINGTON:*sigh* alright, send me the coordinates.
WASHINGTON:i'm on my way.
WASHINGTON:what i don't get is the motion tracker. noone can get by one of those while they're active. you sure you don't have anything in your logs? ... south. you with me? south!
SOUTH:what?
WASHINGTON:i need you to concentrate, south. okay? i know he was your brother, but the sooner i can piece together what happened, sooner we can track this guy.
SOUTH:right, uh, sorry.
WASHINGTON:don't sweat it. now, your logs. nothing?
SOUTH:no, not even a ping.
WASHINGTON:and you didn't hear anything.
SOUTH:i heard him- i heard him scream. i came around the corner, and then, ...nothing.
WASHINGTON:you mean you didn't see the attacker?
SOUTH:no, i mean nothing. i heard him scream, i headed towards him, and then suddenly you're standing over me asking me if i'm alright and telling me my brother is dead.
WASHINGTON:yeah. you were out about eight hours. north's armor started a level one distress and they got me here stat.
SOUTH:yeah...
WASHINGTON:level one, south. something you wanna tell me?
SOUTH:i'm sure you already know.
WASHINGTON:i need you to confirm it.
SOUTH:he still had theta.
WASHINGTON:well i didn't find theta on him, south. did you take it?
SOUTH:no, i don't have it.
WASHINGTON:do you still have yours?
SOUTH:no wash, i never had one. i was in the implant group behind you, remember? and after what happened to you, nobody got any more.
WASHINGTON:don't sound so bitter.
SOUTH:of course not. bitter wouldn't win the war, right?
WASHINGTON:...i have to take care of your brother now, south. you might not want to watch this part.
SOUTH:can i, have a few minutes alone with him first?
WASHINGTON:you can have one minute.
SOUTH:i guess i should say thank you.
WASHINGTON:i guess you should get busy. your minute's already started.
COMMAND:this is recovery command responding secure.
WASHINGTON:command, this is recovery one.
COMMAND:hello wash, we have you secure, go ahead.
WASHINGTON:i'm on the scene.
COMMAND:what's the status of the twins?
WASHINGTON:north is kia. south is still functioning.
COMMAND:what is the status of north's a.i.?
WASHINGTON:you guys knew he had theta?
COMMAND:recovery one, please respond to the previous inquiry, what is the status of the artificial-
WASHINGTON:it's not here, okay? it's gone. this one's gone too.
COMMAND:understood. please wait for directive. ... find out what you can, clean up the agent, and report back.
WASHINGTON:already on it.
COMMAND:the whereabouts of theta are top priority, recovery one, you of all people do not need to be reminded.
WASHINGTON:no. you're right. i don't need to be reminded of anything.
COMMAND:the mission is now level zero.
WASHINGTON:what?
COMMAND:we need a full recovery of the current incident.
WASHINGTON:are you serious?
COMMAND:recovery one, please confirm the previous directive. ... recovery one please confirm you're now level zero, you are ordered-
WASHINGTON:yeah. i got it.
WASHINGTON:time's up. i'm sorry.
SOUTH:i always thought, being a twin was, a hard thing. everyone always finds a way to put you together. it's like you're not considered two people. even when we were kids, our parents dressed us alike, and when we joined up and got sent to the program, they stuck us together. people thought we were special somehow i suppose. i used to hate that. all i ever wanted was to have my own life. and here i am now, just wondering how i'm gonna live without him.
WASHINGTON:yeah.
WASHINGTON:i wouldn't go worrying about that if i were you.
WASHINGTON:you're dead now. remember that.
SOUTH:(getting up) i don't understand any of this. and my ears are still ringing from that shot you fired.
WASHINGTON:it had to sound good for the radio. one second, i need to talk to somebody.
DELTA:whello, how may i be of assistance?
SOUTH:what, is that your a.i.? i thought it killed a-
WASHINGTON:pipe down. we don't have time for explanations. delta, have you been monitoring the situation?
DELTA:i have.
WASHINGTON:are we set here? is she clean?
DELTA:can i interpret that to mean "is south now off of command's active register?"
WASHINGTON:yes.
DELTA:affirmative.
SOUTH:w-wh- what register?
WASHINGTON:instruction: give me thirty on north's clock. hold on the log.
DELTA:complying. completed.
WASHINGTON:now, log to command and include a similar description of south's termination.
DELTA:that would be dishonest.
WASHINGTON:yes. it would.
DELTA:executing. completed.
SOUTH:wait a minute, w- how did you get him to lie?
WASHINGTON:there's a lot you don't know. we're moving. delta, storage.
DELTA:complying.
WASHINGTON:go.
SOUTH:no.
WASHINGTON:excuse me?
SOUTH:i am not moving an inch until you tell me what the hell is going on.
WASHINGTON:fine. stay here with your brother then. everyone thinks you're dead anyway. and in fifteen seconds, that will be true.
DELTA:ten seconds.
WASHINGTON:no sweat off my back, just one less lie for me to live.
SOUTH:hh, well... shit.
DELTA:i have been monitoring the comm channels.
WASHINGTON:try again. i need you as accurate as possible if you're going to cover me.
DELTA:still no activity to indicate that command suspects south is still alive.
WASHINGTON:good. that means we're clear.
DELTA:as much as you can be. and i would prefer if you did not use the word "we".
WASHINGTON:hyeah, h- okay delta. i promise to take the fall if we get caught.
DELTA:...
WASHINGTON:right, sorry. if i get caught.
DELTA:thank you.
WASHINGTON:now, south.
WASHINGTON:i need you to test something.
DELTA:i have concerns about our next action. agent south never rated for something like this.
SOUTH:rated for what? what have you gotten me involved with?
WASHINGTON:i didn't get you involved in anything. it did when it came after your brother.
DELTA:agent washington believes that something is hunting the freelancers one by one.
WASHINGTON:in the last month i've been ordered to the sites of five different dying freelancers in an effort to recover their intelligence programs.
SOUTH:why you?
DELTA:agent washington's experience with the epsilon program makes him a primary candidate for recovery.
SOUTH:epsilon? epsilon went insane and killed itself inside his head! and from what i heard from the other recruits, he went nuts himself. weren't you certified article twelve after that? unfit for duty.
WASHINGTON:the people who certified me were the same people that uncertified me. which, once they needed me, they did. funny how the system works.
DELTA:in either case, he is the logical choice. it is highly unlikely wash would attempt to steal an a.i. for his own purposes.
WASHINGTON:every freelancer i've seen in the last four weeks has had three things in common: their a.i. was missing - but delta here was left somehow; i think that was a fluke.
DELTA:my assignee was killed in an unrelated firefight.
WASHINGTON:the agents were also dead, but for some reason you were left alive. and i wanna know, why that is.
SOUTH:you said three things. what's the third one?
WASHINGTON:during training, what enhancement did you get?
SOUTH:my armor enhancement? i can make a domed energy shield. why?
WASHINGTON:can you do it now?
SOUTH:sure i h- wait a second-
DELTA:the third thing they all had in common was that their enhancement was removed.
WASHINGTON:just like yours. the freelancers are being killed, south. and someone, or something, is stealing their a.i. and enhancements.
DELTA:and now agent washington is trying to escort us back to headquarters as quickly as possible-
WASHINGTON:no. i'm not.
DELTA:excuse me?
WASHINGTON:we don't need to. i've been following the trail of this thing for a while now. but once i got you delta that changed. now we're the ones being followed. south being left alive was nothing more than bait to slow me down. this thing has already killed four different freelancers, south.
DELTA:all agents with higher battle ratings than wash.
WASHINGTON:yes, thank you for pointing that out delta. i'm not going to be able to take it out by myself. someone has to help me, protect delta as well.
DELTA:i see now. that is why you want me to implant in south.
SOUTH:excuse me? in who?
DELTA:the only way to properly protect me in combat is to integrate me in to your armor. agent washington will not allow me to do that.
WASHINGTON:and somebody has to.
SOUTH:i can't, a-i haven't been rated for implantation.
WASHINGTON:well, make up your mind quickly. it's here.
DELTA:my motion sensors-
WASHINGTON:are going to be useless. south, get delta in your head now, and flank left. we have to stand against this thing here-
WASHINGTON:move!
DELTA:i should warn you: the first implantation can feel a little... odd.
VOICE:agent washington? agent washington?
WASHINGTON:sorry, what were you saying?
VOICE:were you thinking about epsilon again, agent washington?
WASHINGTON:no.
VOICE:what happened with epsilon was not your fault, agent washington.
WASHINGTON:i didn't think it was.
VOICE:we have safeguards for the unstable emotional patterns of an artificial intelligence. sometimes these algorithms fail.
WASHINGTON:oh. so then it's your fault.
VOICE:we prefer to think of it as noone's fault.
WASHINGTON:really.
VOICE:just a possible, but rare, unfortunate outcome.
WASHINGTON:how convenient.
VOICE:are you having new feelings about the incident?
WASHINGTON:no. just the same old feelings. you know, that i had another person in my head, and i got to experience first-hand as their mind unraveled while mixed with my own. that i still have trouble distinguishing between its disintegrating thoughts and mine. you know, the usual.
VOICE:what about the hostility from other agents who lost out on assignments once we suspended the use of implants?
WASHINGTON:what about them? am i supposed to feel bad for them, er something?
VOICE:do you think you could work with an a.i. or another agent ever again?
WASHINGTON:... no, i don't.
VOICE:good. then we have a job for you.
WASHINGTON:south! i need you out here now! get over here right now, south! where are you!?
DELTA:keep breathing. hearing my voice internally can be jarring, at first. i am told it helps clear the mind to concentrate on one thing. may i suggest that you try-
SOUTH:will you please not talk for a second, that might help!
DELTA:technically, i am not talking.
SOUTH:delta. please!
DELTA:my apologies.
SOUTH:okay, i'm feeling better.
DELTA:remember to keep breathing.
SOUTH:yes, i'll keep that in mind. how many enemies?
DELTA:i do not detect any on my sensors. but the gunfire would indicate that we are facing only one. this is an atypical enemy. i can offer no advice.
WASHINGTON:south, i need you out here now!
SOUTH:i'm on my way!
DELTA:i have functions that could assist in battle. would you like me to run the tutorial program?
SOUTH:are you kidding me?
SOUTH:wash, i'm here.
WASHINGTON:good, i need help on the left. this guy moves fast, so keep your eyes open. south, you okay?
DELTA:she is experiencing difficulty with my presence.
WASHINGTON:how difficult?
DELTA:patient has trouble-
SOUTH:i'm fine! let's get this guy.
WASHINGTON:no.
SOUTH:no?
WASHINGTON:see that ship? you get to it and take off. get yourself and more importantly delta back to base. i'll cover you as best i can.
DELTA:wash, is your armor adequately compensating for your wounds?
SOUTH:you're hit?
WASHINGTON:just twice, i'm fine. movement on twos. on my mark: sync.
SOUTH:but-
WASHINGTON:sync!
SOUTH:sync!
WASHINGTON:move!
DELTA:alarm! friendly target, cease fire!
SOUTH:calm down, just stacking the deck in our favor.
SOUTH:listen to what i'm about to say, because you have a choice. wash is dead. i put a timed charge on his body. so if you want his equipment you'd better get it, now. or, you can come after us, and lose it for sure. so, what's it going to be. chase us in hopes of beating us? or go for the sure thing, and find us another day.
ENEMY:hng.
SOUTH:smart move.
SOUTH:come in command.
COMMAND:hello recovery two, what is your status?
SOUTH:mission accomplished command. we were able to draw out the enemy, just as you projected. sending logs now.
COMMAND:excellent news. we'll use the data to devise a new strategy to combat it. what is the status of recovery one?
SOUTH:kia. the enemy took him down.
COMMAND:understood. was wash ever aware of your efforts at any time?
SOUTH:negative. he acted exactly as the profile predicted. he even set up the encounter.
COMMAND:return to base, we'll rate you for implantation as agreed.
SOUTH:negative.
COMMAND:say again, recovery two?
SOUTH:negative. you got what you wanted, and i have my a.i. now. you won't be hearing from me again. goodbye.
COMMAND:south, you know we have other agents. we will find you, south.
SOUTH:it's not you i'm worried about.
VOICE:to the director of project freelancer, from the oversight sub-committee chairman.
SOLDIER:captain reebus! we've got something over here!
CHAIRMAN:dear director, i want to thank you in advance for your openness in response to our sub-committee's request for more information.
CHAIRMAN:we were... disappointed that your recovery force reported a total loss at outpost 17-b. we had hoped there would be at least one soldier left, that could shed some light on the situation. i know that your agency has enjoyed a high degree of freedom with very little scrutiny in the past few years.
PA VOICE:attention, all personnel: set kilo one, delta one, sierra one...
CHAIRMAN:it is not our intention to disrupt such a, progressive military program; but instead to find a way, we can work together, in a manner that befits all our responsibility. i am certain that you will agree. and we look forward to making this review process as painless as we possibly can.
COUNSELLOR:thank you gentlemen, would you please excuse us.
COUNSELLOR:you are private walter henderson, correct?
HENDERSON:yes sir.
COUNSELLOR:you can dispense with the formalities walter. please feel comfortable to speak as candidly as you wish. can you tell us what happened at your outpost, walter?
HENDERSON:yes sir-ah, yes. i had been there about six months. everything was pretty much like normal and one day this... ship... crashed.
COUNSELLOR:i see. is this the ship to which you are referring?
HENDERSON:yeah. yeah that's it.
COUNSELLOR:please, tell me what was on the ship walter.
HENDERSON:i don't know. the blues got there first. they fought us off while they cleared it out. took the stuff back to base. by the time we got a hold of it it just seemed like a regular old transport. our engineer said some of the wiring had been messed with but he didn't seem, you know, worried about it or nothing like that.
COUNSELLOR:i see. thank you for that.
HENDERSON:but whatever was on the ship, must have been what started the whole thing.
COUNSELLOR:please walter, define "thing."
HENDERSON:the infection. the blues just stopped fighting us. some of them set up camp outside their base and trapped the rest of their team inside; blew up their comm tower for some reason. their own comm tower. then they blew up ours. that's why we couldn't radio for help, we couldn't figure out why they would do that. after that, nothing. no word from them at all. the co sent a squad over... all the blues were dead. they had killed each other.
COUNSELLOR:please, continue.
HENDERSON:we brought all the equipment back to base and brought it online. and that's when the infection started for us.
COUNSELLOR:the soldiers became... sick?
HENDERSON:no. they just... they were different. off. we would catch guys getting in to areas they shouldn't get in to. but the weird thing was, a guy would go crazy act up, and then we would throw him in a cell, and he would be fine. then another guy would go nuts, disobey orders. like trying to bring the comm tower back online even though we were told to leave it be. maybe they knew it was coming.
COUNSELLOR:they knew what was coming?
HENDERSON:at first we thought it was help. it ransacked blue base, searched all the bodies... then it came after us. seemed focused on the guys that were infected. eventually, it just started killing everything.
COUNSELLOR:could you describe it for us, walter?
HENDERSON:not really. it moved fast, when we first saw it, and after blue base it was... it was different.
COUNSELLOR:in what way, different?
HENDERSON:it looked, like it wasn't there. i don't know how to explain it.
COUNSELLOR:that's alright. i know this has been difficult for you walter. we're going to do everything we can to help you.
COUNSELLOR:please, follow these men to your new quarters. you'll be with us as long as absolutely necessary.
COUNSELLOR:you have my word. agent washington, what do you make of all this?
WASHINGTON:i think it sounds like exactly what i encountered.
COUNSELLOR:mhm.
WASHINGTON:except it's stronger now, and becoming moreso all the time.
COUNSELLOR:does that concern you?
WASHINGTON:look, the last mission i ran against this thing, i got shot in the back by my own partner.
COUNSELLOR:agent south. we feel some, responsibility for that.
WASHINGTON:yeah you should. if i hadn't had york's healing unit, i'd be dead now. so while this isn't ideal and i don't feel like sticking my neck out for you guys, if it puts me on a path that leads to her, you can trust me at least that far.
COUNSELLOR:so you would say that you have overwhelming feelings of anger, and a need for revenge?
WASHINGTON:more than you know.
COUNSELLOR:excellent. now that our agency is under investigation, the director feels it is important for us to be as open as possible. with each other. if our suspicions are correct, the meta has made another addition: the omega a.i.
WASHINGTON:it was omega and, tex right?
COUNSELLOR:yes it was.
WASHINGTON:the meta doesn't leave much behind. it's gonna be hard to track.
COUNSELLOR:we think the best place for you to start, would be the omega's last known location. the soldiers there have the most experience with our program.
WASHINGTON:i see. so i should contact these experts-
COUNSELLOR:we do not like the term "experts."
WASHINGTON:because no-one really knows what our program is doing?
COUNSELLOR:let's just say the term "expert" is a little too... complimentary in this particular case. do you still have your old suit of armor?
WASHINGTON:of course. wait... why?
WASHINGTON:oh great.
VOICE:a response, from the director of project freelancer. dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:while i am obligated to assist your investigation, i ask that you not waste my time with irrelevant questions. my agency is normally unconcerned with such minute directives as troop reassignment. except of course, in the most critical of matters.
WASHINGTON:hello? hello. anybody here?
WASHINGTON:recovery one calling command. come in command.
COMMAND:go ahead recovery one, we have you.
WASHINGTON:i'm at outpost 1-a. looks deserted.
COMMAND:roger that. see if you can find any evidence that would suggest where they all might have-
SISTER:hey! a-hole! what's with all the noise? people are trying to sleep here!
WASHINGTON:um... scratch that command. it appears i've found someone. recovery one out.
SISTER:ohhh man.
WASHINGTON:hi. i'm agent washington. this is blue base, correct?
SISTER:it was.
WASHINGTON:was?
SISTER:everybody's gone. transferred. something about this base being obsolete now, or, whatever.
WASHINGTON:rright. where did they go?
SISTER:i don't know! all different places. nobody told me anything.
WASHINGTON:well, i'm trying to locate some people who have experience with the freelancer program.
SISTER:freelancer? is that the band we had here last night?
WASHINGTON:you had a party here?
SISTER:hyeah! i throw raves every night. charge five bucks a head. last night, i made ten bucks. ooah ooah! nice.
WASHINGTON:you use the base for raves? that doesn't seem like the proper use for official resources.
SISTER:what're you, like a cop or something?
WASHINGTON:no.
SISTER:'cause if you are, and i ask you, then you have to tell me. that's totally a law or something.
WASHINGTON:i'm not the police. and that's not a real law.
SISTER:well if you're not a cop, then how do you know it's not a real law? busted!
WASHINGTON:you caught me. hey, is there any-body else... smart... here that i can talk to?
SISTER:hyeah, right. like i'm gonna tell you. i don't rat people out. cop.
WASHINGTON:okay, i'm gonna leave now. good luck with your empty base and your raging insanity.
SISTER:hyeah? whatever! good luck with being a cop, cop!
WASHINGTON:come in command.
COMMAND:hello washington. we have you? how was the investigation at blue base?
WASHINGTON:enlightening. going to try the red base now, i'm hoping things there will be a little more...
WASHINGTON:...normal.
SARGE:halt, in the name of the red- *clears throat* i mean "lightish read army. this base is operating at full capacity. and if you come in here, you're gonna get in to a big uhn-uh slap-fight!"
WASHINGTON:heuhhh... i'm gonna have to call you back.
SARGE:don't come any further, ooh la la.
SARGE:this is your last warning, stay out! i love mass!
WASHINGTON:what in the...
SARGE:your only hope of survival is to kiss my commander's ass!
SARGE:and this is another warning: i know the other warning was supposed to be last, but i never listen to orders, 'cause i'm too lazy and stupid! and ugly. did i mention ugly?
WASHINGTON:this is gonna be a waste of time, i can tell already.
SARGE:yeah, freeze intruder! stop yer intrudin' right there.
WASHINGTON:who made these things?
SARGE:i did.
WASHINGTON:wait, you're real?
SARGE:of course i am. you fell for a classic misdirection. i still got it. heh heh.
LOPEZ:esta todo bien aqu?
CAPTION:everything ok out here?
SARGE:we're fine, lopez. just caught myself a dirty blue. how many does that make this week?
LOPEZ:uno.
SARGE:yahtzee. we're on a hot streak!
WASHINGTON:uh, i'm not actually a blue. i'm from command.
SARGE:command, no kiddin'. i didn't think we were due for inspection.
WASHINGTON:you're not. i was hoping you could tell me about the soldiers transferred out of this outpost.
SARGE:you mean grif and simmons? those traitors. i told 'em not to go! the battle here isn't even over yet.
WASHINGTON:um, it looks over to me.
SARGE:not while there's a single blue left in this canyon. which there is: a single blue. victory, or death.
WASHINGTON:i see.
SARGE:that's why i refused my relocation orders. obviously command wasn't thinkin' clearly.
WASHINGTON:so, you're awol then.
SARGE:i uh... a-what?
SISTER:don't tell him anything until you talk to a lawyer! you have rights!
WASHINGTON:i'm not a cop!
SARGE:hey! beat it ya little tramp! ya see why i can't go?
WASHINGTON:why not just attack her and win then? it would take about ten seconds.
SISTER:you're old and i hate you!
SARGE:that's the problem! i can't attack a girl. so we're locked, in an epic stalemate.
WASHINGTON:you're kidding me.
SARGE:plus she's cookin' somethin' up. and i gotta be ready. i hear her runnin' training ops every night! i see them out there with their glow sticks and their tribal drum beats: oom chicka oom chicka oom chicka oom chicka.
WASHINGTON:well. this has been really... informative. but i need to find someone who has experience with artificial intelligence.
SARGE:alright. you want caboose then. he got infected for a little while i think.
WASHINGTON:great. caboose! do you know where he is?
SARGE:of course. we intercepted the blues' orders. i got it right here. lopez!
LOPEZ:s.
SARGE:get this guy the blue team relocation orders.
LOPEZ:s.
SARGE:lopez probably converted it in to spanish, so they might be a little hard to understand.
WASHINGTON:yeah. they wouldn't be the first thing today.
SISTER:shut up cop!
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:due to your busy schedule we have begun interviewing members of your staff. i'm certain you will let us know if this bothers you. our debriefings keep coming back to a single subject at outpost 17-b. can you explain to us what this meta is, and what your plans are to deal with it?
SOLDIER:oh no, hell no. excuse me sir, but no god damn way!
WASHINGTON:you must be lieutenant miller.
MILLER:i got reds comin' out my ass here boss. you show up and take away one of my men? for a- what did you say this was for?
PRIVATE 2:secret mission sir.
MILLER:aw, you gotta be- oh, what!?
WASHINGTON:i think you have bigger issues than troop assignment, soldier. how about getting some of these vehicles back in working order?
MILLER:what the hell do ya think i'm talkin' about? this is your fault, you sent us the new guy, he said he was good with vehicles. all he does is talk to 'em. talk to 'em! what the hell is that all about? and now look at the damn things.
WASHINGTON:i don't have time to discuss your problems. i have orders and those orders say that i need private caboose, and i need him now. he has information that is vital to the security of-
MILLER:wait a second. caboose? you're taking caboose? and i don't have to pay you or anything like that?
WASHINGTON:is that a problem?
MILLER:problem? heh heh, hell no. it must be christmas morning and no-one told me. you stay right there, and i'll get him for ya. private jo-annis. jo-annis! jo-annis, where the hell are you?
JOANES:sir, for the millionth time, my name is pronounced jones. jones!
PRIVATE 1:shut up, jo-annis.
JOANES:seriously, lots of people have the name. it's very common. how am i the first guy you've met called joanes?
MILLER:jo-annis, i need you to go down to the brig, untie caboose and get him up here.
JOANES:me, alone?
MILLER:double-time, jo-annis!
JOANES:it's pronounced- never mind. christ.
WASHINGTON:you keep him in the brig?
MILLER:we keep him tied up in the brig. i'm not takin' any more chances.
JOANES:ow-howhow! why!?
CABOOSE:be careful.
MILLER:you'll understand soon enough.
CABOOSE:you wanted to see me principal miller?
MILLER:where's the guy i sent to getcha?
CABOOSE:oh him, yeah, um- he let me out and then somehow shot himself in the back somehow. uh, but we don't think it was anyone's fault. everybody agrees it was an accident.
MILLER:jesus, would someone go check on him?
MILLER:hrgh, caboose, this here is special agent washington from blue command. he has something fan-tastic he needs to talk to you about.
CABOOSE:command? oh no. they never have good news. did somebody die? was it my mom? is she dead? or my dad, did my dad die again? oh no.
WASHINGTON:what is this? i- i don't-
MILLER:heh heh, you see? he's yours now, heh heh heh, no takebacks.
CABOOSE:is it my brother? was my brother killed? that's it, isn't it? my brother is dead!
WASHINGTON:what? no, nothing like that.
CABOOSE:oh good. because i don't even have a brother- how sad would it be to not have a brother and to lose a brother all in the same day?
WASHINGTON:no-one died!
PRIVATE 3:jo-annis is dead, sir.
WASHINGTON:okay, no-one besides him.
CABOOSE:once again, nobody's fault. psst! i think the new guy did it.
WASHINGTON:private caboose, you were stationed at blood gulch, correct?
CABOOSE:yeah... that was fun.
WASHINGTON:and our records indicate you were infected by an aggressive artificial intelligence program at one point. the omega a.i.? is that correct as well?
CABOOSE:yeah. that wasn't as much fun.
WASHINGTON:okay, well i need you to come with me. i'm investigating a critical issue and, you seem to be the only person with the knowledge and experience necessary to help me. and i just realized how ridiculous that sounded once i said it out loud. none the less, i need you to come with me.
MILLER:can i have a word with him first sir?
WASHINGTON:sure, i guess.
MILLER:now caboose, i know we didn't always get along.
CABOOSE:i got tied up!
MILLER:right. but all these mistakes, i know it's not your fault. you seem like a good kid. you're just a little, confused.
CABOOSE:yeah. he is.
MILLER:but i wanna give you a piece of advice. this guy looks like a tough customer. and you're bound to get in to some situations that maybe you're not prepared for.
CABOOSE:right. like a rodeo.
MILLER:now if that happens, if you find yourself in danger, or in a situation where you think something bad is going to happen to you? i want you to remember just one thing: never, ever, come back here.
CABOOSE:okay.
MILLER:no, i need to know that you understand. i ned to hear you say it.
CABOOSE:don't ever go backwards.
MILLER:okay, i guess that's as close as we're gonna get. he's all yours!
WASHINGTON:great, let's get going.
CABOOSE:okay.
CABOOSE:...are we there yet? are we there yet? are we there yet?
WASHINGTON:just, try to stay quiet.
MILLER:boys, this is a great day! things are finally changin' for us. i can feel it.
PRIVATE 3:should we bury jo-annis now sir?
MILLER:fellas, let's just enjoy this moment a little longer. he's not goin' anywhere.
CABOOSE:i'm hungry. i'm thirsty. i have to go to the bathroom again.
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:rest assured we have the situtation under control. while the meta is proving to be an elusive enemy, our recovery agent is already closing in on it. i expect this incident will reach a conclusion soon, and i will be able to return to my research. hopefully, without further interruption.
WASHINGTON:and you're sure this is where we can find this guy?
CABOOSE:i think so. we all found out our new orders at the same time; he tried to hide his from me so i would not know where he was.
WASHINGTON:really. i can't imagine why.
CABOOSE:i said it was like a game of hide and seek, and he said that that was right; he was going to hide from me. and the only way he could win, is if he dies without ever seeing me again.
WASHINGTON:and he knows about freelancer as well.
CABOOSE:oh, yeah, he knows the most. he knows uh, all about your a.i. game. he dated tex!
WASHINGTON:agent texas? um, how could a person-
WASHINGTON:fuck! sniper! get down!
CABOOSE:huh?
VOICE:okay, that was your one warning shot! the next one's goin' right between your eyes!
WASHINGTON:private caboose! get down!
CABOOSE:wait a minute-
VOICE:alright! i warned ya! siyonara, biatch!
VOICE:aw come on, what the fuck!?
WASHINGTON:caboose!
CABOOSE:i know that voice! church! church! it's me! your all time best friend!
CHURCH:caboose? caboose is that you?
CABOOSE:yes! church, it's me!
CABOOSE:i have missed you so much! it has been so long! did you miss me!?
CHURCH:fuck! i missed him!
CABOOSE:i knew you did!
CHURCH:go away!
WASHINGTON:this is your friend?
CABOOSE:yeah.
WASHINGTON:and he's shooting at you.
CABOOSE:well, at me and stuff around me. yeah, it is kind of like our thing. so he acts like he doesn't like me, but he really does. oh and he might bring up something about me killing him, but that's only the truth. uh it's a joke. *inhale* you could play along if you want!
WASHINGTON:wait, that doesn't make any sense. you did what? you- you killed him?
CHURCH:hey, scram, seriously! get the fuck outta here.
CABOOSE:hey church! this is agent washington! he needs to speak to you.
CHURCH:agent wa- you brought a freelancer here? what's wrong with you?
WASHINGTON:open this gate.
CHURCH:uh, no can do bud. see this is a secure facility: nobody in, nobody out. sorry, i guess you'll have to come back, never.
WASHINGTON:oh no, then i guess we'll have to just walk through the huge hole in your secure wall.
CHURCH:fine, i'll open the fucking gate.
CHURCH:okay well, sorry the place is so messy. i would have cleaned up if i'd known you guys were coming. but hey, no-one called ahead.
WASHINGTON:how long have you been here?
CHURCH:how long? um... what day is today?
WASHINGTON:today is tuesday.
CHURCH:i've been here fourteen months.
WASHINGTON:what? over a year, by yourself? alone?
CHURCH:yeah, it's been um... it's been great, i mean just, just it's been great. really great.
COMMAND:this is command calling recovery one, come in recovery one.
WASHINGTON:you are really an odd group of people. hold on. this is agent washington. i found some blue team members that have extensive experience with omega.
CHURCH:did he just say omega?
CABOOSE:yeah. and some other words too.
COMMAND:excellent agent washington, please stand by for orders.
COMMAND:now that you have reassembled the blues, you should head to outpost 17-b. see what clues your team can gather there based on what they know.
WASHINGTON:roger that.
COMMAND:they want you to stop the meta at all costs. this is a level one directive. good luck wash. recovery command out.
WASHINGTON:recovery one out. come on, let's move out.
CHURCH:move out? hey at what point in this conversation did you think that we were buddies or somethin'? i'm not goin' with you.
CABOOSE:yes! you are not in our buddy club!
CHURCH:shut up caboose, and what did i tell you about that armor, when we had to pick new suits?
CABOOSE:you told me to upgrade.
CHURCH:that's not an upgrade! this is mark six armor, that's mark five. this is an upgrade.
CABOOSE:in a top ten list, five is better than six.
CHURCH:we're not a top ten list!
WASHINGTON:how do you ever get anything done if all you ever do is argue with each other?
CHURCH:we don't, that's part of our charm. quit fuckin' it up!
WASHINGTON:look, i know you guys are all wrapped up in your little "red vs blue" battles-
CABOOSE:blue vs red battles. no-one says red vs blue, it sounds stupid when you say it backwards.
WASHINGTON:but this is important. actual military operations. not your fake simulation stuff. something is hunting our top agents, and i need all the help i can get to stop it.
CHURCH:stop it? if it's killing freelancers i want to start a fan club for it, build it a website.
WASHINGTON:and now that the ship from your canyon is crashed, we think it's more poweful than ever. it gains new abilities every time it kills-
CHURCH:wait wait wait, whoa- you found tex's ship?
WASHINGTON:we believe so.
CHURCH:where?
WASHINGTON:come with me, and i'll show you.
CHURCH:okay, i'm in.
CABOOSE:yes, this will be the greatest road trip ever!
CHURCH:if you say anything positive, i will fucking kill all three of us right now.
CABOOSE:okay. i will be very depressed about how awesome this will be.
COMMAND:this is command calling red base, come in red base.
SARGE:this is blood gulch outpost number one.
COMMAND:agent washington has reassembled the blues.
SARGE:i knew it! i knew he was a blue!
COMMAND:gather your team, we want you to stop agent washington at all costs. this is a level one directive. good luck red base.
SARGE:hey, one sec. any word on that soldier poison i ordered?
COMMAND:no. good luck red base.
SARGE:what about the robot nuts?
COMMAND:no. good luck red base. command out.
SARGE:well you don't have to get so te- ...
SARGE:hello? hello, can you hear me? ...how 'bout now? this thing gets terrible reception. only have one bar. ...hello? can you hear me now?
DELTA:i still believe this course of action is dangerous. if we are following agent washington, logic would dictate that others could be as well.
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:we can all understand that the shift from autonomy to oversight can be a difficult adjustment for anyone, but especially someone of your standing. in that spirit, we have attempted to accomodate your brief explanations to our serious inquiries. none the less, i feel compelled to inform you, that even our trust has its limits.
PRIVATE:sorry sir, those are my orders. no-one can approach the crash site. you can't come in. sorry.
WASHINGTON:i need to see that ship. check my clearance if you need to.
PRIVATE:i know sir, but, it won't matter. they said i can't let anybody in. anybody.
WASHINGTON:i have orders from command, private.
PRIVATE:so do i. these came from the director himself. ...look sir, i'd- i'd like to help you, i really would, but this investigation thing... apparently they've started talking to people within the recovery force. now everything's getting locked down. you get command to call me and tell me different, i can let you in. until then, there's nothing i can do. you can use red base if you wanna make some calls. that facility's already been swept.
WASHINGTON:fine, i understand.
WASHINGTON:*sigh* we have a problem.
CABOOSE:i hope it isn't a math problem.
WASHINGTON:they've got the crash site locked down.
CHURCH:oh great. we couldn't have found that out on the radio? we had to walk here?
WASHINGTON:they said we could use this base if we want.
CHURCH:wow, the empty concrete base? is it our birthday?
CABOOSE:i want cake.
CHURCH:can't we find somewhere nicer to hang out? hey maybe there's like a, cool nightclub nearby that you can't get us in to either. that would be awesome.
WASHINGTON:you two just, stay here. i'll go draw off the guards. when i give you the signal, use that grav-lift.
CHURCH:the what? how do we use it?
WASHINGTON:just step in to it. it'll do the rest. meet me at the ship.
CHURCH:okay, what's the, signal?
CHURCH:god dammit, i hate when they do that.
CABOOSE:when they do wha- hey! where's agent washington?
CABOOSE:what do you think he'll do for a distraction?
CHURCH:who knows, probably like, you know, make a noise, or throw a rock. that's what i would do.
CHURCH:...or he could do that.
CABOOSE:i think he is better at distractions than you are.
CHURCH:yeah.
WASHINGTON:(over the radio) okay, come on out. but come quietly.
CHURCH:okay, let's go.
CABOOSE:um, yes, i don't want to. uh, you see i am scared of the thing that i don't know what it is.
CHURCH:oh don't be a baby. how bad could it be-
CHURCH:-eeeeeeeeeeeee!
CHURCH:that was fucking bullshit!
SOLDIER 1:did you just say somethin'?
SOLDIER 2:...whuh?
WASHINGTON:i said quietly, what part of quiet don't you understand?
CHURCH:what part? how 'bout the part where i got thrown eighty feet in the fucking air, by the god damn throwing thing!?
WASHINGTON:they didn't see us, okay. stay out of sight. do you recognize this ship?
CHURCH:yeah, this looks like it.
CABOOSE:sheila? sheila. are you okay?
WASHINGTON:um... what is he doing?
CHURCH:oh, yeah we uh, we transferred our tank's training program in to the ship, so that it could help us repair it.
WASHINGTON:did you inform command that you moved the program to the ship?
CHURCH:yeah, we're not really big on paperwork.
WASHINGTON:that's actually a good thing in this case. if they don't know it's there, they may not have tried to activate it.
WASHINGTON:ah ha, here we go.
SHEILA:(lethargically) hello, and thank you for activating the- wait, where am i?
CABOOSE:sheila?
WASHINGTON:program, instruction. run a full diagnostic, and load the logs from your last flight.
SHEILA:affirmative. excep-exception: the system has taken dam-taken damage. i am functing- i am functioning at minimum capacity-ity-ity-.
WASHINGTON:program, instruction. override exception and-
CABOOSE:do not talk to her like that, she is not a program!
WASHINGTON:whoa. what? calm down.
CHURCH:hey i'm just gonna, stand behind caboose, for a couple minutes. you know for safety reasons.
SHEILA:port engine destroyed.
WASHINGTON:okay. i only want to replay the logs from the crash. so can you please get it-
WASHINGTON:i mean her, to do that.
SHEILA:stabilizer offline.
CABOOSE:sheila, um, would you go ahead and do that ah thing that he just said, to me?
SHEILA:begin-beginning playb-playback.
SHEILA:warning, warning, system failure.
TEX:sheila! stabilizers!
SHEILA:port abort, destroyed. rear stabilizer offline. navigation, offline. and my system clock does not match interior records.
TEX:did gamma get loose!
SHEILA:negative, but i do not know how much longer i can contain him.
TEX:computer, what about there? in the canyon, can we land?
SHEILA:analyzing data.
TEX:just tell me, can you get us there?
SHEILA:i am unable to calculate-
TEX:sheila, give me manual control, now!
SHEILA:acknowledged. manual control, activated. warning: decompression. rear doors, open.
TEX:where're they going? close the hatch!
SHEILA:rear doors open.
TEX:wait!
SHEILA:acknowledged. warning.
TEX:what happened to-
SHEILA:altitude critical. brace for impact. brace for impact.
TEX:hold on!
SHEILA:brace for impact.
TEX:everybody just hold on-
WASHINGTON:okay, so after that the ship crashed here. and from what a survivor told us the blues got here first and offloaded the bodies and equipment. then they started to get infected.
CABOOSE:infected? what were they doing with the bodies?
CHURCH:gross, shut up.
CABOOSE:no really, what were they doing with the bodies.
WASHINGTON:they said their men started acting erratically. and for some reason they destroyed all their radios and their own comm tower.
CHURCH:okay, okay. that was definitely omega.
WASHINGTON:you had a similar experience?
CHURCH:yeuh, similar? exactly the same.
WASHINGTON:it all adds up then. omega was the one who inherited that trait. during training they discovered he could move from suit to suit. for some reason he preferred agent texas. they tried to reassign him but he always made his way back to her somehow.
CHURCH:so where's yer a.i.?
WASHINGTON:i don't have one. any more. it's a long story but it's why i was chosen for this job.
CHURCH:okay, okay i knew i had heard your name before. you're that guy that went nuts, right?
WASHINGTON:i didn't do anything. my a.i... lost control of itself.
CHURCH:riight. it just happened to do it while it was inside your head.
WASHINGTON:right.
CABOOSE:we have a lot in common agent washington.
WASHINGTON:no we don't. and don't ever say that again.
CHURCH:where's tex's body?
WASHINGTON:according to the prisoner, it should be in blue base.
CHURCH:take me to it, i want to see it.
WASHINGTON:what? i don't think so. that's their main-
COMMAND:recovery command calling recovery one, level zero.
WASHINGTON:i have you, command, level zero. go ahead.
COMMAND:we have a beacon wash. pulling the data now. stand by for id and coordinates.
WASHINGTON:i received it here too. standing by.
CHURCH:what was that?
WASHINGTON:that was my recovery beacon. it means an a.i. somewhere is in jeopardy and i have to find it before- ...something, else, does.
COMMAND:coordinates locked, transmitting now.
WASHINGTON:receiving coordinates for recovery target. do we have an id?
COMMAND:affirmative, it is from the a.i. delta and-
WASHINGTON:agent south.
COMMAND:roger that, agent south dakota. vital reports look bad, yeah she's in trouble wash.
WASHINGTON:yes. yes she is.
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:the meta is nothing more than an entity seeking to increase its power, in these confusing days after the war. from my perspective, that seems to be a very common occurrence at the moment.
SOUTH:delta, report.
DELTA:your suit's energy reserves are nearly depleted. the shield will not-
SOUTH:how much longer?
DELTA:the meta will breach our barrier within sixty seconds. i suggest that you prepare your grenades while i divert power from your armor's non-essential systems.
SOUTH:no.
DELTA:you have a better plan?
SOUTH:keep the shield up as long as you can. when it starts to falter, transfer yourself to the storage unit.
DELTA:i think i would be more useful in my current state.
SOUTH:i'll dump my shield generator at the same time. there's no way that thing can resist the both of you.
DELTA:you are... abandoning me?
SOUTH:it's my best chance to get out of this.
DELTA:south, protocol violations aside, this seems to be a very short term solution. the meta will only grow more powerful by integrating me in to-
SOUTH:program override, acknowledge last directive.
DELTA:acknowledged. preparing storage unit.
SOUTH:get ready.
DELTA:shield failure in five, four-
SOUTH:get ready to eject.
DELTA:three-
SOUTH:transfer to storage.
DELTA:two-
SOUTH:on my mark-
DELTA:one.
SOUTH:now!
WASHINGTON:there they are!
DELTA:new targets encountered.
WASHINGTON:don't let it get near her!
WASHINGTON:and don't let her get away!
CHURCH:her? isn't she a freelancer like you?
WASHINGTON:yeah, just don't let her leave!
CHURCH:okay! caboose!
CABOOSE:hello.
CHURCH:hey, see that purple one? she's on our team. you should help her.
CABOOSE:okay!
SOUTH:ah, my stomach!
DELTA:alarm, friendly fire!
CABOOSE:um, she got in the way when i was trying to help her.
CHURCH:okay we're good!
WASHINGTON:damn. it's gone invisible.
WASHINGTON:keep an eye on your motion trackers, and watch your perimeters, look for a shimmer.
CHURCH:it turned invisible? what is this thing?
WASHINGTON:it takes the equipment of other freelancers, it must have picked up cloaking from tex.
CHURCH:wait a second, any equipment?
WASHINGTON:yes! why?
CHURCH:shit, wyoming. cover me!
WASHINGTON:what? wyoming? caboose, cover him. grab those spike grenades.
CHURCH:no! don't let caboose help me!
CHURCH:there it is! hey! how 'bout a little help out here?
WASHINGTON:on it. caboose! toss that grenade!
WASHINGTON:that was the worst throw, ever. of all time.
CABOOSE:not my fault, someone put a wall in my way.
WASHINGTON:what? where did it go, what happened?
CABOOSE:you don't remember? you threw a grenade that landed in between us. but don't worry, i saved you.
CHURCH:it used agent wyoming's stupid time thing from the ship! what's wrong with you, why didn't you tell us it could use equipment?
WASHINGTON:why didn't you tell me that wyoming was on the ship?
CABOOSE:and why didn't someone give me something to yell about!?
SOUTH:mmm, ah... (continues to groan)
WASHINGTON:delta, are you here?
DELTA:affirmative, i am undamaged. however agent south is seriously wounded. may i suggest moving me to a new host.
WASHINGTON:roger that. i don't trust her anyway. one of you two take him.
CHURCH:um... i don't think that i can-
CABOOSE:i'll do it! i like meeting new people.
WASHINGTON:delta, what happened?
DELTA:i agree with the simulation trooper. the meta has most likely acquired both a temporal distortion unit, and an a.i. capable of running it. in this case, gamma.
WASHINGTON:well, why didn't it kill us then?
DELTA:i am sorry, but i do not have enough data to formulate an answer. i think we should simply be happy it is gone.
CHURCH:that makes sense to me.
CABOOSE:i also agree with the glowing person. everyone else sees the glowing person, right?
DELTA:it is possible the meta has been injured in some way, and is retreating to repair itself.
WASHINGTON:so, if we can find it before it does, we may actually stand a chance of beating it.
CHURCH:either way, i don't think we should be hanging around here.
WASHINGTON:then let's get moving.
SOUTH:i can-, i can't walk on my own.
WASHINGTON:well i guess you'd better start crawling. if you think i'm leaving you here to escape you've got another thing coming.
DELTA:agent washington, if i may. before you arrived, south attempted to turn me over to the meta, to save herself.
WASHINGTON:really.
DELTA:much like she wounded you to escape in our previous encounter with it. and as i have learned, in our travels, her brother north suffered a similar fate.
WASHINGTON:what a team player.
DELTA:it is highly probable that she will turn on us again soon, and in her current physical state, she will only hamper our progress.
WASHINGTON:what are you suggesting?
DELTA:that we do not allow her to hamper our progress.
WASHINGTON:okay.
SOUTH:oh come on, wash. what're you gonna do, shoot-
WASHINGTON:yes. good suggestion.
DELTA:you're welcome.
CHURCH:dude, you guys are some cold mother fuckers.
CABOOSE:i just want everyone to know that i have no problems walking. and i take full responsibility for the grenade incident.
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:your program was granted the use of a single artificial intelligence unit, for implantation experiments. yet, the department records clearly show, multiple agents in the field with implants, during the same timeframes. surely this must be a logging error, and we anticipate a corrected document soon.
CHURCH:okay. i have a great idea. let's all put down our guns, and not shoot anyone else that we're trying to help.
WASHINGTON:relax.
CHURCH:exactly. let's all relax.
WASHINGTON:agent south had already shot me in the back once before, and she tried to give up delta to the enemy. i wasn't going to wait around to see if she decided to do it again.
CHURCH:right, okay sure...
WASHINGTON:stop talking to me like that.
CHURCH:we're not talking to you like anything.
CABOOSE:no-one is talking to you like this...
WASHINGTON:you don't need to treat me like that. i'm not crazy, okay? i'm totally completely sane. now if you'll excuse me i need to go blow up this dead body.
CHURCH:hey hey uh, uh, green guy.
CABOOSE:i'm blue.
CHURCH:delta.
CABOOSE:oh him.
DELTA:hello. how may i be of assistance?
CHURCH:hey yeah, uh, what's the deal with this guy?
DELTA:destruction of unused armor or equipment is standard recovery procedure.
CHURCH:yeah, no, i mean is he like a whack-job or what?
DELTA:are you aware of his experience with epsilon?
CHURCH:epsilon, oh you mean his a.i.?
DELTA:correct. epsilon was an... unstable intelligence unit that had to be deleted. its integration with washington's mind concerned our superiors.
CHURCH:what do you think?
DELTA:i believe that agent washington's sanity is well within acceptable deviations, for now.
CHURCH:wow, what a ringing endorsement.
CHURCH:i'm filled with confidence.
WASHINGTON:okay, all done. delta, i called command. they wanted me to pass along condolences at south's passing.
DELTA:thank you. i will be sure to archive that sentiment.
CHURCH:what did you tell them?
WASHINGTON:i told them caboose did it. apparently they already have a shortcut on their keyboard for reporting his team kills.
CABOOSE:control f u.
WASHINGTON:i would have told them you shot her, but, i wanted it to be believable.
CHURCH:hey. my aim is fine.
WASHINGTON:and yet, the meta managed to dodge your rocket somehow.
CHURCH:no no, not dodge. it was there one second, and it was gone the next. that's how i knew it was using wyoming's power.
WASHINGTON:and he was on the ship with tex?
CABOOSE:his head was.
WASHINGTON:his head?
CHURCH:his helmet. not everybody is as twisted as you are, wash. tex, took it for some reason.
WASHINGTON:so if the meta has wyoming's powers, it's even more powerful than we thought.
CABOOSE:and as scary as someone thought it was to begin with. back to square one. scary square.
WASHINGTON:oh great, looks like it took one of our cycles. so, what do we do?
CHURCH:what're ya, askin' us? i thought you were like the big know-it-all super agent guy?
CABOOSE:i would go home.
CHURCH:yeah dude, retire. you got any savings, like a, 401k or something?
WASHINGTON:delta, can you shed any light on this?
DELTA:not without further data.
CHURCH:so why does it want these a.i. things anyway?
WASHINGTON:a.i. help us in battle, depending on their functions. we couldn't run half our equipment without them. and if you get your hands on a smart a.i., you can be damn near unstoppable.
CHURCH:what, like smart like delta here?
WASHINGTON:not exactly. he's just the logical one of the family. smart means something entirely different for a.i.s than it does for people.
CABOOSE:now let's not go throwing around words like smart for no reason.
DELTA:wash is correct. we are more analogous to what you would call a "fragment."
CHURCH:actually, i don't care, so i wouldn't call you guys anything.
DELTA:there is one smart a.i. in the freelancer program.
WASHINGTON:delta-
DELTA:the alpha is a fully formed-
WASHINGTON:delta! that's enough.
CHURCH:what's alpha?
WASHINGTON:the alpha a.i. it's nothing, it's a myth. a fairy tale.
DELTA:it is hardly a myth. agent washington, you must have memory of the alpha-
WASHINGTON:delta! command. offline.
DELTA:complying.
CHURCH:oh. sounds like somebody has a secret.
WASHINGTON:i just get tired of hearing these things talk about their alpha. and you will too. they get obsessed with the idea of it. it seems like it's all they care about sometimes.
CHURCH:but what is it?
CABOOSE:yes, if it's something really scary, you don't have to tell us.
WASHINGTON:the whole purpose of the program was the study soldiers with experimental a.i., but rumor has it, they could only ever get one. so they had to copy it. the original was alpha, then beta, and so on.
CHURCH:they copied them? hyeah, i k- i like that. i guess if one is annoying, then twenty of them are gonna be awesome.
WASHINGTON:the copies became obsessed with this idea of the alpha, the original. in debriefings they would always steer conversations toward the topic of the alpha. where it was, if they could see it. some even took- drastic steps.
CHURCH:like, shooting their partner in the head drastic? or-
WASHINGTON:i told you, she shot me in the back first!
CABOOSE:and we believe you. even though we don't think shooting a friend in the back occasionally, is that big of a deal.
WASHINGTON:some freelancers tried to get to alpha on their own. they broke in to the secret storage facility where it was kept. they almost got to it. after that they shut down the-
WASHINGTON:my recovery beacon!
CHURCH:oh, great! we thought the meta was hurt, but apparently he's just busy killing more of your buddies.
WASHINGTON:pipe down.
COMMAND:recovery one, come in, level zero come in.
WASHINGTON:go ahead command.
COMMAND:wash, we have a beacon.
WASHINGTON:i'm getting it too. do you have coordinates and an id?
COMMAND:are you sure about this i mean this is how we can be-
WASHINGTON:command, you're breaking up on me, please repeat, how what can be-
COMMAND:hold on, i'm not talking to you wash. and, and you're sure. okay. it's agent maine, wash.
WASHINGTON:what?
COMMAND:please confirm last transmission agent washington.
WASHINGTON:maine, how can that be? if-
COMMAND:please confirm, recovery one.
WASHINGTON:yeah, it's him. it's the meta.
CHURCH:what!?
WASHINGTON:command, give me those coordinates now.
CHURCH:the meta is a freelancer?
WASHINGTON:command. command, come in! delta, what's happening?
DELTA:our transmission is being jammed.
WASHINGTON:tell me you got the coordinates before we lost it.
CHURCH:a freelancer-
DELTA:i am sorry, i did not.
CHURCH:you have got to be kidding me.
DELTA:i did receive biocom data with the identification though. it appears as though the meta is experiencing mass power fluctuations.
WASHINGTON:power?
CHURCH:maybe all that a.i. and equipment can't run on one suit of armor?
DELTA:that is an excellent analysis. the meta is most likely dangerously low on power, and will attempt to augment its energy in some way.
WASHINGTON:then we need to get to it fast. but where?
CHURCH:...
CABOOSE:...
CHURCH:we uh, we might know where it's going.
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:i understand your concern that increased activity would bring increased risk. however, our failsafes are simple but foolproof. a dead or dying agent's beacon automatically notifies our recovery team, and we will be on the scene immediately, to secure all the military's property.
WASHINGTON:look, there's our cycle. the meta must be here.
CHURCH:yeah because, no-one else in the military would have a standard issue motorcycle, just like that.
CABOOSE:also, the piles of dead bodies might have been a clue.
WASHINGTON:just keep your heads down, and your eyes open. i'm going to advance along that wall. you two take delta and move up along the other side.
CHURCH:okay.
WASHINGTON:don't use the radio unless it's absolutely necessary.
CHURCH:okay.
WASHINGTON:and don't make a move until i do.
CHURCH:okay.
WASHINGTON:and no screw-ups this time.
CHURCH:okay, are we gonna sit here on the beach all day, or 'r'we gonna go get this thing?
WASHINGTON:we only have one chance at this before it gets back to full power. i can't take any chances that you guys are gonna botch this.
DELTA:agent washington, perhaps it would be best if i assisted you in battle rather than helping caboose.
WASHINGTON:no.
DELTA:statistically speaking, a freelancer would be much better trained to use my-
WASHINGTON:i said no. now get going.
CHURCH:pst, hey, delta!
DELTA:yes. how may i be of assistance?
CHURCH:hey, can i ask you a couple questions about this freelancer program?
DELTA:certainly, i will answer what i am capable of answering.
CHURCH:this alpha thing, wh- why doesn't washington want you to tell us about it?
DELTA:i believe agent washington is uncomfortable discussing our program in any fashion. he was one of the many failures during the implantation process.
CHURCH:one of the failures- how many were there?
DELTA:several. the director felt time was limited, and escalated the pace of experiments. i would classify agent south as another such "failure."
CHURCH:ay yeah, but she didn't even get an a.i.
DELTA:correct. agent south dakota and her brother north were merely another kind of experiment. what would happen if one agent received an a.i. unit, and the other did not.
CHURCH:i guess we found out how well that worked.
DELTA:precisely.
CHURCH:i still can't believe she killed her own brother.
DELTA:she put him in a position to be killed. south rarely worked in a direct fashion.
CHURCH:what a bitch.
DELTA:other experiments like the dakotas were common towards the end. for instance, agent carolina was implanted with two a.i.s at one time.
CHURCH:two of them? that would drive me nuts.
DELTA:indeed. she only functioned for a short time, and not very well while she did. having three minds at one time proved far too... taxing.
CHURCH:well yeah, but if agent maine has more than one a.i., wouldn't he be having problems too? like that carolina chick?
DELTA:undoubtedly. agent maine's power symptoms are only a small indication of what must be happening inside his helmet.
CHURCH:oh great, powerful and crazy. what a winning combo.
DELTA:warning. enemy target detected.
CABOOSE:i see it yep, there it is.
CHURCH:yes, thank you for stating the obvious. look, there's wash.
CHURCH:i hope he gives us some kind of-
WASHINGTON:now!
CHURCH:signal.
WASHINGTON:(firing) move up!
WASHINGTON:don't just stand there, after it!
DELTA:if i may, i recommend that caboose and i flank to the right and attempt to surpri-
CHURCH:just do it!
WASHINGTON:there, use your rifle.
CHURCH:my rifle?
WASHINGTON:shoot it!
CHURCH:dammit!
CHURCH:i got it, yes! did you see that what a shot! i'm awesome!
WASHINGTON:it only counts if you call it!
CHURCH:oh bullshit dude!
WASHINGTON:look, there. come on. quietly.
CHURCH:okay.
WASHINGTON:hey, do you hear something?
CHURCH:no? wait, yeah.
WASHINGTON:what is that? music?
CHURCH:what? oh no.
GRIF:yahaha, woohoo!
SARGE:ah!
CHURCH:crap, what're they doing here?
SIMMONS:yeah, suck it blues!
SARGE:it's red army! there's nothin's gonna stop us now!
GRIF:aw shit wall! aw fuck this!
SARGE:dammit! grif you broke the radio.
GRIF:good!
WASHINGTON:who are they?
CHURCH:they're the reds from our canyon.
GRIF:double-fuck, windmill blade!
CHURCH:look wash, i don't know how they found us, or why they're here, but we don't have anything to worry about.
CHURCH:seriously. not a thing. these guys are idiots. they can't do anything right.
WASHINGTON:uhm, we might wanna take cover.
SIMMONS:yeah, take it blue! suck it! yeah, that's right!
CHURCH:aw crap, run!
SIMMONS:let's go! assholes!
WASHINGTON:wait a minute, where's caboose? where's delta?
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:i feel you're avoiding the question. if this target, was already in possession of an a.i. unit, how was he able to secure an additional unit from agent south? would not that verify, as we indicated earlier, that your program now runs experiments with more than one artificial intelligence. if so, where did these additional a.i. come from. and more importantly, how did your agency procure them?
COMMAND:this is command calling red base, come in red base.
SARGE:this is blood gulch outpost number one.
COMMAND:agent washington has reassembled the blues.
SARGE:i knew it! i knew he was a blue!
COMMAND:gather your team, we want you to stop agent washington at all costs. this is a level one directive. good luck red base.
SARGE:hey, one sec. any word on that soldier poison i ordered?
COMMAND:no. good luck red base.
SARGE:what about the robot nuts?
COMMAND:no. good luck red base. command out.
SARGE:well you don't have to get so testy. hello? hello? can you hear me? this thing gets terrible reception. only have one bar! hello?
SARGE:can you hear me now? can you hear me? stupid 4g network. lopez!
LOPEZ:s.
CAPTION:si.
SARGE:that was red command.
LOPEZ:s. yo s.
CAPTION:si. i know.
SARGE:were you listening to my call?
LOPEZ:registro todas llamadas para la calidad.
CAPTION:i record all our calls for quality assurance.
SARGE:they said those dirty blues are up to no good!
LOPEZ:esa llamada sonaba extrana a m.
CAPTION:actually that call sounded strange to me.
SARGE:i agree! we have to stop 'em. no matter what the cost.
LOPEZ:alguien caricio otra llamada.
CAPTION:almost like someone took another call and chopped it up.
SARGE:you're right! i shouldn't be here flappin' my gums, i need to shake a tail feather!
LOPEZ:s, usted se va para su misin falsa...
CAPTION:yes, you should go on your fake mission right away...
SARGE:i gotta reassemble the team! and i know i can't get donut, so that leaves just simmons... and grif.
LOPEZ:...y quienquiera enviado la llamada le matar.
CAPTION:...and you will most likely be killed by whomever sent that fake message.
SARGE:ah, good point! maybe i'll get lucky and grif was killed. not in a glorious manner like battle of course, but doing something menial and humiliatin'! maybe he drowned in a toilet while cleaning it.
LOPEZ:pendejo.
CAPTION:you're an idiot.
SARGE:i know, i know, i'm hopin' for too much. lopez, pack m'gear. i gotta get goin'!
LOPEZ:se hace ya. lo embalo diario dese que usted se fuera.
CAPTION:it's already done. i pack it every single morning in hopes that you will decide to leave.
SARGE:good ol' lopez, dependable as always. now lopez-
LOPEZ:oh dios... por favor. no quiero tener un momento.
CAPTION:oh god... please. i don't want to have a moment.
SARGE:i know we've had a lot of good times together-
LOPEZ:no haga esto.
CAPTION:don't do this.
SARGE:you've always relied on my guidance and protection.
LOPEZ:el adolescente le derrot.
CAPTION:you couldn't even win the fight with that teenage girl.
SARGE:but you're going to be on your own now.
LOPEZ:bueno.
CAPTION:good
SARGE:i prepared you for the world as best i could.
LOPEZ:usted me program en espaol.
CAPTION:you programmed me in a language that no one here speaks.
SARGE:so take care of yourself. and always remember that i'll be thinkin' of ya.
LOPEZ:voy a ir vedar que la el segundo es tu van.
CAPTION:i am going to erase every memory of you the second you are gone.
LOPEZ:apenas como ... y ...
CAPTION:just like i did for (file deleted) and (file deleted).
SARGE:nope. no words, lopez. i'll see you again. in a better place. adios amigo. adios.
LOPEZ:vmonos viejo hombre estpido.
CAPTION:just go, you stupid old man.
SARGE:i'll miss you too lopez! every single day. i promised myself i wouldn't cry.
LOPEZ:menos hablando. yndose.
CAPTION:less talking. more leaving.
SARGE:me too lopez! me too!
LOPEZ:el pedal est a la derecha.
CAPTION:the gas pedal is on the right.
SARGE:heh heh. now to find grif and simmons. i can only imagine what amazing adventures they must be having right ... now.
SOLDIER:any last words?
GRIF:yeah. you guys suck.
SOLDIER:ready! aim!
SIMMONS:killed by our own men, couldn't see this coming.
SARGE:hello? anybody here? anybody alive? no, good. blue sucks! heh heh. hhm, i don't think simmons and grif would have switched to blue team, but if they did it might explain why they all died.
SIMMONS:wait, wait wait wait.
SOLDIER:what?
SIMMONS:hey, uh, don't we get a last request? you know any- anything like that?
SOLDIER:what do you want?
GRIF:how 'bout for starters you suck my-
SIMMONS:shouldn't you at least read us our charges?
SOLDIER:you know what you did. you were in charge of our ammunition. and you lost it all.
GRIF:don't you think it's ironic that you're about to shoot us because we don't have enough ammo? also, lost and sold to the other team? two totally different things.
SOLDIER:oh you're just delaying.
SIMMONS:yes that's true, but it's also true that you have to read us a list of charges. it's in the red army handbook, section on firing squads, subsection 2.9c. page 94 third paragraph.
GRIF:you are going to die a nerd. so sad.
SIMMONS:do you want to die in the next two seconds or do you want to die a nerd with me five minutes from now?
GRIF:...
SIMMONS:well?
GRIF:i'm thinking. ...fine, yeah, what he said, section whatever whatever.
SOLDIER:i think you're bluffing. i never read that.
GRIF:uh, did you read the red army handbook?
SOLDIER:ih... uh... no.
GRIF:that's because nobody has, except for him. he's memorized it.
SIMMONS:in three languages.
SOLDIER:uh, what do you guys think?
GRIF:is that a real rule?
SIMMONS:i have no clue, but they'll either read the book or read the charges.
SOLDIER:okay.
SIMMONS:either way we're alive for a few more minutes.
SOLDIER:yeah, we decided that sounds like too much trouble. so we're just going to shoot you and say the blues did it.
SIMMONS:oh, wait. i didn't think about the "fuck it, we're lazy" option.
GRIF:nyeh, i thought of it. i just didn't wanna explain it. fuck it.
SOLDIER:ready weapons!
SIMMONS:grif, this looks like it's it. listen, there's something i always wanted to tell you.
GRIF:i have something i wanna say to you too, buddy.
SIMMONS:you first.
SOLDIER:ready!
GRIF:it was me that stole your identity and ran up all those credit card charges at the pawn shops and peep shows. sorry.
SOLDIER:aim!
GRIF:whew! i feel so much better now that i got that off my chest! so what do you wanna say to me?
SIMMONS:hhhh, i seem to have forgotten. hey asshole, can we hurry this up?
SOLDIER:fire!
SARGE:simmons, grif! there ya are.
SIMMONS:are we dead?
GRIF:well if we are then hell looks just like the army. big surprise there.
SARGE:i've been lookin' everywhere for ya.
SIMMONS:sarge?
GRIF:yeah what?
SARGE:what in hell are you two doing?
SIMMONS:we're being executed by our own men, sir.
SARGE:cut it out. i need you guys to come with me. command has a secret mission for us.
SOLDIER:who the hell is this guy?
SARGE:oh, what is this? insubordination?
SARGE:heyah! come on you two, let's get a move on! where's yer commanding officer?
SIMMONS:(pointing at grif) he's right there.
SARGE:... where, behind grif?
SIMMONS:sargeant grif is our c.o., sir.
SARGE:your sargeant has the same name as grif? that's a disturbing coincidence.
SIMMONS:no no listen to me. grif is our commander. he was promoted to sargeant when you refused to relocate with us.
SARGE:but who's in charge!?
SIMMONS:sargeant grif!
SARGE:okay see, i can hear you saying words, but it's like they don't match up in a way that makes sense. did ya have a stroke?
SIMMONS:grif is a sargeant. he's the same rank as you now.
SARGE:that's who i'm talkin' about. where is he?
SIMMONS:he's right there!
SARGE:so, he's invisible.
GRIF:dude, i don't think he's physically capable of understanding what you're telling him.
SOLDIER:does this mean we get a new sargeant now? awesome, 'cause this one sucks.
SARGE:gah. never talk that way about a superior.
GRIF:did sargey just call me superior? i heard it, simmons is a witness!
SIMMONS:i don't even wanna get involved.
SARGE:what's going on in this outpost? insubordination, invisible sargeants, simmons has had a stroke!
GRIF:it totally counts.
SARGE:you two just get in the jeep. we're gettin' out of here. i'll explain on the way.
SIMMONS:shotgun!
GRIF:i outrank you, get in the back.
SIMMONS:fuck!
SARGE:son, tell your sargeant i'm taking these two with me. he can call command for verification.
SOLDIER:but, you're taking our sargeant.
SARGE:what? i can't hear you!
SARGE:engine's too loud.
SOLDIER:what the hell just happened?
SOLDIER 2:hey guys? the blues are all dead.
SOLDIER:euh, i'm going to go lie down./td>
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:our records in this matter are impeccable, and i will refer you to them. it is true that we were granted the use of only one a.i. program, yet with special permission to conduct our experiments. that is all we were allowed to do, and that is all we have done. of course, i am sure that you will agree, that the core mission of any scientific endeavour, is to find creative solutions to ...unexpected problems.
WASHINGTON:where did these guys come from?
CHURCH:i have no clue!
WASHINGTON:do you think they're working with the meta?
CHURCH:working with them? these guys don't do much working of any kind, so... no.
WASHINGTON:look, there's caboose.
CHURCH:is he dead?
WASHINGTON:hold on. let me pull up the biocomm. check his pulse rate.
CHURCH:uh... you can monitor our vitals?
WASHINGTON:i can check on the whole squad during combat. keeps me up to date. it doesn't work on you for some reason.
CHURCH:yeah uh ah, sure there's a... perfectly, logical, explanation for that.
WASHINGTON:we need to get to him. my hud says he's alive but hurt.
CHURCH:how 'bout now?
WASHINGTON:stop that! and you missed him.
CHURCH:fuck! sun was in my eyes.
SARGE:simmons, keep firing. don't let up!
SIMMONS:yes sir!
GRIF:and get the grenades out there!
SIMMONS:yes sirs!
SARGE:grif, stop confusing everybody. i'm callin' the shots.
GRIF:we're the same rank now, i can do whatever i want.
SARGE:you're not qualified to lead in battle!
GRIF:qualified? how hard could it be? simmons, you're doing a terrible job, and you should try to win harder. i mean try harder. to win.
SARGE:that was awful.
GRIF:i learned it by watching you.
SIMMONS:excuse me sir.
GRIF AND  SARGE:what?
SIMMONS:*sigh* never mind.
SARGE:(on the screen) simmons, aim for his bullets! try to deflect them in mid air. grif, come here! your face can be used as a shield.
WASHINGTON:we have to end this. caboose is hurt, he could be losing blood.
CHURCH:ah, let him be. a little brain damage might actually be good for him.
WASHINGTON:well what about delta? the meta could have grabbed him, or he could be trying to-
GRIF:what was that?
CHURCH:what was that?
WASHINGTON:oh no.
WASHINGTON:the meta! he must be powering up. we can't waste any more time with this nonsense.
WASHINGTON:red team. attention, red team. cease fire. cease, fire.
CHURCH:hey how do you do that megaphone thing with your voice?
WASHINGTON:it's a voice amplifier. it's standard issue, all our suits have one.
CHURCH:they do?
SARGE:what do you want?
GRIF:yeah, what do you want?
SARGE:shut up, grif!
GRIF:that's "shut up grif sir."
WASHINGTON:we are not your enemy. my name is agent washington. i am part of a special task force-
CHURCH:testing, te- holy shit, it does work! this is badass.
WASHINGTON:stop that!
CHURCH:ah! don't use that thing right next to me. you're killing my ears ya douche.
SARGE:wahoh no, we're not fallin' for that again.
WASHINGTON:i am a special agent. from command!
CHURCH:and this is the voice of god. give up your evil ways. join the blue team-
CHURCH:ow! hey come on, seriously, you're gonna break it.
SARGE:haw yeah, well, if you're command, then you'd know our secure code word, wouldn't you?
WASHINGTON:what? oh right. hold on one sec. the code word is... code word?
SARGE:baw, dahngit.
SIMMONS:sir, what did i tell you about that?
SARGE:alright men, stand down.
GRIF:stand down? we outnumber them three to two. that's like a three with a two, that's thirty-two percent advantage. you carry the one.
SIMMONS:i don't wanna know how you came up with that, but you're actually right. what do you care though, i thought you loved giving up in the middle of battle.
GRIF:doesn't mean i wanna die.
SARGE:gentlemen. they know the code word. there's nothin' we can do.
GRIF:everybody knows our code word!
SARGE:alright, let's try negotiating. grif, i want you to get out there. see what they want. but first leave your weapons and armor here so they don't feel threatened. check that; take your weapon and give it to them.
GRIF:no. sarge, you may not think that i'm a good leader, but something about those blues just doesn't feel right. and i have an uncanny sixth sense. so if you won't help me, i'll just have to get the local reds to. this guy looks legit. maybe he can help.
SARGE:grif, get back here! you don't know anything about those soldiers. to them blue could be red, or red could be blue or, they could be an opposite map.
GRIF:shut up old man, and watch how a real leader works. hey there, soldier! what's your name?
META:*some kind of swooshing sound*
GRIF:huh, sounds like somebody has a cold. anyway, listen. i need your help with some...
GRIF:...thing. wow. that's a cool trick. how did you do...
GRIF:uhm... i uh...
CHURCH:man. it got pretty quiet out there. you don't think they're really working with the meta, do you?
GRIF:oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god!
WASHINGTON:...no.
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:do your "creative solutions" include the circumvention of the safety protocols that every member of the military must follow? if they do not, then i fail to see how an enemy has managed to secure not one, but several of your experimental a.i.s. the protocol is not a guideline, dear director, it is doctrine. and no-one is above its rule.
GRIF:oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god!
CHURCH:oh my god, that guy got fucked up!
GRIF:what the hell was that!?
CHURCH:aw, he lived? that's bullshit.
SARGE:grif, if i've told you once i've told you a thousand times, you gotta pay attention in battle! you can't let yourself get distracted by- oh crap, flying jeep.
SIMMONS:run!
CHURCH:well. guess they're definitely not workin' together.
WASHINGTON:now that he's powered up he's just killing everything. we're next.
SARGE:move it or lose it.
SIMMONS:yeah come on, skootch, skootch.
CHURCH:hey. get out of here reds. this is our cover.
SIMMONS:what is that thing?
CHURCH:you guys remember tex?
SIMMONS:yeheah, the girl who kicked our asses all the time?
CHURCH:yeah well this thing's like, eight of her.
WASHINGTON:it must be at full power now. church, you and the reds keep it busy. i'm going to help caboose.
SIMMONS:did he say keep it busy?
CHURCH:yeah...
SIMMONS:how the hell do we do that?
SARGE:looks like grif is doing a pretty good job already.
GRIF:okay i get it! stop throwing things at me you fucking jackass!
SARGE:keep up the good work, grif!
GRIF:ow! okay, that could have taken out an eye.
WASHINGTON:(whispering) caboose. are you okay? caboose. dammit. delta, are you here? delta?
WASHINGTON:church, i have caboose. he's hurt, but i'm going to keep him alive with a healing unit. how are you doing with the meta?
CHURCH:eheee! we're dying!
WASHINGTON:oh great.
SARGE:hey, come on. we've still got payments left on that thing. you'd better not scratch the paint job.
META:*weird swooshing animal-like sounds? i guess?*
WASHINGTON:hi. remember me?
WASHINGTON:it's gone! dammit! you idiots, we almost had it!
SIMMONS:almost had it? we never even hurt it!
CHURCH:he means before you got here! we had it crippled and you guys showed up and fucked everything up!
SARGE:aw yeah. you guys looked like you had everything under control before we got here.
CHURCH:hey up yers red. i don't see you doing anything heroic.
SIMMONS:it threw our car at us.
GRIF:i'm fine by the way, just in case anyone's wondering.
WASHINGTON:well, the three of you are staying with us now. i can't possibly hope to fight the meta in this state with just church and ...caboose!
CHURCH:(at the same time) caboose!
CHURCH:wash, what's the verdict?
WASHINGTON:i don't know. he seems okay. i think he was knocked out, i just can't get him to come out of it.
CABOOSE:(mumbling) whuh, i, memory is the key,
WASHINGTON:what's he mumbling?
CHURCH:i can't make it out, but... i don't really understand half the stuff he says normally.
WASHINGTON:this makes no sense. all his vitals check out. now why can't i revive him? hey do you guys know a medic around here by any chance?
THE REDS:no!
CHURCH:well maybe removing delta did something to him. like a, duh a coma or somethin'.
WASHINGTON:yeah, but there's no way to know that for sure. unless you have a way to see inside his head. prep him for evac, i'll put in a call to command and get an extract going. this is recovery one calling command. come in command...
SIMMONS:hey blue, why don't you do that thing? you know, the thing you do. the ghost thing.
CHURCH:yeah, this guy doesn't know about that, so i don't really wanna let him know and freak him out. why don't you go keep him occupied, i'll see what i can do.
SIMMONS:hey agent washington, i think it turns out we do know a medic after all. but he's really far away. maybe if we run around this corner right here we'll get better reception.
CHURCH:euh. i hate coming here.
MENTAL WASH:hello.
CHURCH:agent washington?
MENTAL WASH:yes. i am agent washing tub. how are you doing, caboose's best friend?
CHURCH:oh, right. hi agent washington.
MENTAL WASH:what is this place?
CHURCH:this is caboose's mind, so everybody here is pretty much as caboose sees the world. that means everyone's gonna be either really happy or, make no sense whatsoever.
MENTAL WASH:i see. that's valuable information. i will take that information, and i will keep it in a special folder marked secret. everyone knows, that is the best security there is.
CHURCH:i see.
MENTAL WASH:don't tell anyone i told you that.
CHURCH:actually you act a lot like you do on the outside.
MENTAL WASH:i would like to think that's because i present myself in a very clear and consistent manner. now if you will excuse me, i need to scare some people who are just trying to help me, and then go fight monsters and robots from the future. freelancer power, activate!
CHURCH:yeah, okay, good luck with that.
DELTA:hello church.
CHURCH:delta?
MENTAL CABOOSE:yes, this is my new friend delta. i believe he has information for you.
CHURCH:awesome!
DELTA:unfortunately, i have been taken by the meta. this is merely a memory i left in caboose's mind to help you along your way.
CHURCH:well then how are you talking to me?
DELTA:i am not. i merely used logic to determine what questions you would ask, and in what order. then i left the appropriate responses.
CHURCH:oh really.
DELTA:yes. really. i left this memory in case you found it. please tell agent washington, that memory is the key.
MENTAL CABOOSE:memory is the key.
CHURCH:memory is the key? what does that mean?
DELTA:wash will know.
CHURCH:okay seriously, does it have to be a riddle? can't you just tell me what you want me to do? how hard would that be? i bet this is your fault somehow.
MENTAL CABOOSE:i just work here.
CHURCH:well if you're in the meta, then why don't you just help us from the inside?
DELTA:church, i have to be objective. the next time you see me, i may not want you to help me.
CHURCH:delta, delta wait, memory is the key? what about the meta, what about-
GRIF:uh, dude?
SIMMONS:yeah, turns out i'm not so good at distracting.
CHURCH:wash, don't panic, i can explain.
GRIF:yeah, see when simmons was boring you with random conversation about nerd stuff, he was really just trying to distract you from what the blue guy here was doing.
SARGE:he means explain the fact that he's a ghost.
GRIF:oh, right. yeah, he can explain that part too.
SARGE:idiot.
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:i too hold the protocol in the highest regard. the doctrine kept us all safe durin' the great war. if you are insinuating sir, that we violated it in any way, or that we were derelict in our duty to the military, well then i suggest you be direct, and tell me exactly how we did so.
WASHINGTON:what is going on.
CHURCH:wash, stay calm. we can explain.
WASHINGTON:i don't want explanations, i want the truth. now. when were you gonna tell me about this?
CHURCH:okay, maybe i should start from the beginning. you see, caboose here, killed me by accident once. well actually, more than once.
CABOOSE:not my fault. tucker did it.
CHURCH:shut up.
WASHINGTON:he killed you. as in... dead.
SARGE:then we reached an agreement. i built blue over here a new body-
CHURCH:agreement? more like we kicked your ass, and you didn't have much of a choice of what you wanted to do.
SARGE:who kicked what now?
SIMMONS:what're you an idiot?
SARGE:you wanna take that back.
CHURCH:you guys totally gave up!
GRIF:bullshit.
CHURCH:that was the time that texas kicked your asses all over-
WASHINGTON:stop. focus. how did you build him a body?
SARGE:with a robot kit of course. i'd already used ours to build our helper. lopez.
SIMMONS:and a mighty fine job you did too, sir.
GRIF:yeheah, it's always great to have a helper no-one can understand.
SARGE:blue team hadn't used theirs for some reason, and they even had an extra. we used that for your buddy uh, whatsername.
WASHINGTON:and that didn't strike anyone as odd? that you would have a kit to build a robot that looks like a soldier?
SIMMONS:that's just standard issue equipment. right?
WASHINGTON:what? no. have you ever run in to anyone else who has one?
SIMMONS:we don't really get out that often.
SARGE:okay, smart guy. if they're so rare, then why did command send us upgraded ones when we were told to ship out to rat's nest?
CHURCH:you guys went to rat's nest too?
SARGE:i used some of the spare parts to spruce up lopez.
SIMMONS:spare parts? did you fix his voice thing?
SARGE:you know, i didn't even think about that until just this second. kind of obvious in hindsight. probably best not to mention it to him if you see him.
SIMMONS:meh, he wouldn't understand anyway.
CHURCH:your team sucks.
SARGE:at least our robot isn't the leader of our team. bluebot.
CABOOSE:hey! that's not nice. he means us right?
CHURCH:yes, and shut up.
WASHINGTON:stop it! i can't stand this. no more bickering. you have to be the most immature soldiers i've ever met!
GRIF:your face is immature.
WASHINGTON:shut up. from now on everyone just keep quiet and don't talk unless i ask you a question. that's an order. i need to figure this out.
SARGE:hold on, you can't order us around!
WASHINGTON:yes, i can.
SARGE:what's your rank?
WASHINGTON:hmy rank? you still don't get it, do you? h-you think you're real soldiers? you're not. you guys are nothing.
GRIF:whatever. your face is... nothing.
WASHINGTON:we used your outposts as testing grounds. practice. you never noticed that you never had anything to do unless a freelancer showed up, or you made a call to command?
SARGE:...you're makin' that up.
WASHINGTON:am i? think about it. name one thing that ever happened to you that wasn't directly preceded by command calling you, or sending someone to your base. one thing. ...anything? no? i thought so. you three go assess the vehicles. see if you can find some trail of the meta while you're at it.
SIMMONS:ooh, finally a take-charge leader! i like it!
SARGE AND  GRIF:shut up.
WASHINGTON:church, get back in your armor. you're just going to draw attention to yourself like that.
CHURCH:fine. but first-
WASHINGTON:no, no first, get in your armor.
CHURCH:i really think i should tell you what it is-
WASHINGTON:sh.
CHURCH:i have a message from delta.
WASHINGTON:delta? why didn't you tell me?
CHURCH:oh come on, seriously?
WASHINGTON:how did you get in contact with him?
CHURCH:he left a message for me in caboose's head. actually for me to give to you. i guess he figured out i would get in there and find it.
WASHINGTON:how would he know that? did he know what you are?
CHURCH:well i didn't tell him. but he seemed pretty smart. maybe he just put two and two together.
CABOOSE:four!
CHURCH:that wasn't a test.
CABOOSE:yes it was i won a-plus.
WASHINGTON:what was the message?
CHURCH:he said "memory is the key."
WASHINGTON:memory is the key. did he say anything else?
CHURCH:nothin' important.
CABOOSE:memory is the key? what does that mean?
CHURCH:he said wash would know.
WASHINGTON:memory is the key.
CHURCH:yeah i know, it didn't make any sense to me either. just sounded like some kind of stupid riddle or somethin'.
WASHINGTON:gather your gear. we're leaving. now.
CABOOSE:i think he's angry because of what you said to him.
CHURCH:hihyeah. if i knew it was gonna make him leave i would've said it sooner.
WASHINGTON:what's the status of the vehicles? report.
GRIF:you could have asked nicely.
WASHINGTON:you're right, i could. report.
SARGE:they're all busted. we could probably fix one by takin' parts from all the others. that's one of my specialties. gonna take a while though.
WASHINGTON:how long?
SARGE:couple-a days.
WASHINGTON:no time. we need to start moving asap. and we need six seats. you're gonna have to get me two jeeps in a few hours.
SARGE:no can do. not gonna happen.
WASHINGTON:then we'll have to get them somewhere else. and i know exactly where we can find them.
CHURCH:why, where are we going?
WASHINGTON:delta was right. memory is the key.
CHURCH:but what does that mean?
WASHINGTON:it means that only one thing remembers everything about these a.i. and where they come from. it will know how to stop them. we need to unlock the alpha.
CHURCH:the alpha?
WASHINGTON:and that means we're going home. ...we're going to command.
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:our laws are not designed to outline every possible infraction that may take place! however the spirit of the law is clear. blatant disregard for the safety and well-being of our citizens, in any form, will always be a punishable offense, regardless of how well, or by whom that offense has been justified.
SIMMONS:here they come!
SARGE:simmons, what're you waitin' for? shoot 'em!
SIMMONS:i can't, the stupid gun is jammed!
SARGE:step on it, grif.
GRIF:yeah, no shit!
SARGE:whose idea was it to steal a jeep from these guys anyway?
WASHINGTON:nuhh, i knew this plan wouldn't work.
CHURCH:we all knew this plan wouldn't work. none of our plans ever work.
CABOOSE:that's why we carry guns.
WASHINGTON:"we can get a car, no problem. we're better with vehicles than the blues, let us handle this." why did i even listen to them?
CHURCH:i told you not to.
WASHINGTON:yeah, well, i already stopped listening to you three bases ago.
CABOOSE:well that's not very-
WASHINGTON:and i never started listening to you.
SARGE:force them in to the wall.
GRIF:on it!
GRIF:where'd they go!?
SARGE:did ya lose 'em?
GRIF:looks like it.
SARGE:what in sam hell? i don't believe it.
GRIF:well sarge, i guess you owe me an apology. turns out i'm not such a bad driver after-
GRIF:...all.
GRIF:aw come on, what the fuck!
CABOOSE:aw man. that jeep has a really big gun.
CHURCH:don't get any ideas.
WASHINGTON:*sigh* well i guess i'd better get down there and save them. i'm really starting to hate this part of the job.
CABOOSE:well at least you're getting a lot of practice at it.
WASHINGTON:don't patronize me.
CHURCH:you know, if we let one or two of 'em die we could probably all squeeze in to one car. just saying, you should think about it.
CABOOSE:oh, and if enough of us die, we can fit on a motorcycle!
CHURCH:alright good, he's gone. caboose, you stay here, i'll be right back.
CABOOSE:you're leaving?
CHURCH:yeah.
CHURCH:for some reason he doesn't want me to see tex's body. i'm gonna go try to find her.
CABOOSE:um... don-, don't leave me here with your body. it stares at me, and i don't like it.
CHURCH:you'll be fine.
CHURCH'S BODY:*humming sound*
CABOOSE:stop it.
SIMMONS:got it!
GRIF:great, you unjammed the gun? how 'bout you shoot 'em!?
SARGE:grif, just get us out of this!
GRIF:hold on, i wanna try something. i think i can make this jump!
SARGE:are you insane?
GRIF:yeah, fuck this, brakes!
GRIF:uhuh, we're really high.
SIMMONS:yeah, got him!
WASHINGTON:you idiots! we needed that jeep!
GRIF:uh yeah, and we needed not to die? what's your point?
WASHINGTON:there's still six of us. where're we gonna get another vehicle?
WASHINGTON:...oh.
GRIF:hey, dude? in the future, don't ask for shit.
GUARD 1:looks like the hornet's gonna get 'em.
GUARD 2:yeah. they blew up our jeep though. that kinda sucks.
GUARD 1:and they killed two of our friends, right?
GUARD 2:oh yeah that too.
GUARD 1:still i think -
GUARD 1:heagurgurk!
GUARD 2:you okay?
CHURCH:me?
GUARD 2:yeah you. what was that noise?
CHURCH:i didn't, hear any noise.
GUARD 2:it sounded like-
CHURCH:i sneezed.
GUARD 2:you sneezed.
CHURCH:yeah, so anyway, i'm gonna go in the base now, gonna go do some patrolling in there. you know how it goes. standard ops stuff. okay seeya.
GUARD 2:what're you talkin' about, the co said to stay out here. make sure no-one gets in the base.
CHURCH:oh it's okay. i uh, i spoke to the sargeant. he gave me special orders.
GUARD 2:okay, yeah. wait, you mean the captain?
CHURCH:huh? yeah right. that guy. whatever.
SIMMONS:run!
WASHINGTON:dammit. caboose! what is church doing?
CABOOSE:oh, uh, doing? uh why nothing agent washington he's just standing next to me watching you get killed by the giant spaceship.
WASHINGTON:oh really. can you put him on then?
CABOOSE:oh, i don't think so, um, we're, we're playing a game. uh called, who can hold still the longest. uhm, it's a fun game we-
CABOOSE:...i'm going to have to call you back.
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:sir while i appreciate your concern, allow me to correct you in one area. i value all our subjects' well being, but i revere above all else our ability to continue as a species; our ability to survive. and no committee, no bureaucrat, will ever convince me otherwise.
GRIF:hey i have a question, why do we agree to come along on these things if we're just gonna be the decoy the whole time?
WASHINGTON:looks like you have it under control. i'll be right back.
CHURCH:tex? tex are you here? tex come on. tex! allison?
GUARD 2:alright, freeze.
CHURCH:ahw, what?
GUARD 2:they told us to be on the lookout for someone acting odd, and you're acting odd. so hands up.
CHURCH:hehey, buddy, come on. you don't need to be like all...
CHURCH:...knocked out.
CHURCH:thanks wash.
WASHINGTON:church, is that you in there?
CHURCH:uh yeah, one sec-
CHURCH:there.
GUARD 1:what happened? i feel kinda...
WASHINGTON:what do you think you're doing in here?
CHURCH:i had to see tex's body i uh, ...she's like me wash.
WASHINGTON:i know all about her church. come on, you're not gonna find anything in here.
CHURCH:but where is she? she should be here right? i mean, shouldn't she?
WASHINGTON:we've all lost people church. what's important, is that you remember her. and what's even more important is that you don't slow me down while i'm in the middle of a mission!
WASHINGTON:what now!?
WASHINGTON:what is going on out here?
SARGE:what does it look like?
GRIF:we're running from the stupid plane!
WASHINGTON:well, we need to leave. we have a warthog at blue base. we'll take that and you follow me.
SARGE:what about the ship!?
WASHINGTON:well, take it down!
SARGE:not that simple!
GRIF:if it's so easy, why don't you do it?
WASHINGTON:fine.
CHURCH:should we help him?
GRIF:we could, or we could take bets on how long he's gonna live. i got ten bucks that says it's less than a minute.
CHURCH:i'll take that action.
WASHINGTON:okay, now can we go?
WASHINGTON:alright, i need suggestions. the freelancer command facility is an underground complex of secure bunkers and fortified chambers. let's put our heads together and see if we can figure out a way to get in there.
GRIF:i have an idea.
WASHINGTON:and "let's not do it" is not an acceptable plan.
GRIF:oh. well you probably should have said that before you asked for suggestions.
WASHINGTON:next idea.
SIMMONS:why don't we call command, and ask them what the proper procedure is for invading their headquarters?
WASHINGTON:next.
SARGE:how about we build a makeshift nuclear device, and blow the entire place to kingdom-
WASHINGTON:no. we have to get in there.
SIMMONS:why?
WASHINGTON:'cause we need to unlock the alpha.
SIMMONS:the what?
CHURCH:it's the main a.i. from project freelancer. you know all the a.i.s that we've been dealing with over the years? it's where they were all copied from originally.
SIMMONS:you can't copy an a.i.
GRIF:the main one? fuck that. those things have caused all of our problems. why would we go looking for the main boss one?
CHURCH:that's a good question. agent washington? do you wanna answer that?
WASHINGTON:you'll understand everything soon enough.
SIMMONS:we're not going.
WASHINGTON:what? you have to go.
SIMMONS:not really.
WASHINGTON:we can't infiltrate headquarters with just three people. you're coming. that's an order.
GRIF:order? you're not our commanding officer. we don't even know what rank you are.
WASHINGTON:i'm a freelancer!
GRIF:not a rank dude.
SIMMONS:the other freelancers never gave orders, they just offered to trade favors.
WASHINGTON:okay, then let's bargain. what do you want.
GRIF:three words guys,
SARGE:new base-
GRIF:gold plated vagina.
SIMMONS:shut up.
SARGE:lasers.
SIMMONS:always with that.
GRIF:nudie mags.
SARGE:robots and lasers. lasers, and robots.
GRIF:milkshake.
SARGE:alright, we talked about it, and we figured out what we want.
WASHINGTON:alright, let's have it.
SARGE:we want you to demote grif.
WASHINGTON:done.
GRIF:what!?
SIMMONS:another wasted opportunity.
WASHINGTON:congratulations. you are now private grif again.
SARGE:got anything lower?
WASHINGTON:private, junior grif?
SARGE:i was thinkin' something with an insulting adjective, or... maybe a demeaning adverb...
WASHINGTON:how about, minor junior private grif, negative first class?
SARGE:heh heh, i like the way you think.
GRIF:you realize you just doomed us to certain death just so you could insult me, right?
SARGE:hey if we do get killed at least we'll go out on a high note. well everybody but you. that's to be expected, you haven't had a high note in five years! why break the god damn streak.
WASHINGTON:we still need to figure out how we're getting in there.
CABOOSE:mister washington? i have an idea.
WASHINGTON:i really shouldn't even bother asking, should i?
CHURCH:i don't know, caboose? an idea? i think he's bluffing.
CABOOSE:no uh, it's a really good idea. we drive there.
CHURCH:yeah, he was bluffing.
CABOOSE:we're going to freelancer city, right? the place where freelancer's from. and this is a freelancer car! if they think that we are freelancers, because we are in their car, they will just let us right in!
WASHINGTON:but you don't look like freelancers. or recovery agents.
CABOOSE:they can't see inside of a tank.
CHURCH:there's no, way, this plan is gonna work.
WASHINGTON:just stay quiet. follow my lead.
SARGE:grif! get off me, you weigh a ton.
GRIF:stop pushing me! ow!
SIMMONS:okay guys, it's hard enough to fit in here ohl! whll- who did that?
GRIF:alright, whose hand was that? is donut in here?
CABOOSE:i can't breathe.
GUARD:alright. uh, story checks out. looks like there was a new incident at outpost 17b. glad you fellas made it out okay.
WASHINGTON:yeah, thanks.
CHURCH:yeah, it was crazy. we lost a lot of good men. especially joe, joe johnson. he was a great guy. i remember he had a girl back home named... fritzy.
WASHINGTON:stop embellishing. they already believe us.
CHURCH:he also had a dog named mister chomps. anyway he's dead now, it's sad.
GUARD:you're clear now. so drive on to building 3.
WASHINGTON:understood. thanks soldier.
CHURCH:can't believe that worked.
WASHINGTON:yeah. seemed like it was too easy.
CHURCH:wash, you're gonna learn when you work with us, there's no such thing as too easy. you're just being paranoid.
WASHINGTON:yeah. you're probably right.
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:please do not attempt to recast this investigation as some type of personal vendetta. our questions to this point have been fairly standard. your reactions have not. as such, we have secured all your records and logs by the authority granted us by the unsc. now we shall see exactly what it is, that you have to hide.
WASHINGTON:alright, we got in, but that's only part of our mission. so no celebrating yet.
GRIF:aw shit, and i was gonna be in charge of confetti.
WASHINGTON:we still need to reach the a.i. storage facility. security's tight since the freelancers tried to break in here.
CHURCH:you mean when they tried to steal the alpha before?
WASHINGTON:exactly.
GRIF:the freelancers tried to break in to their own command facility? that's dumb.
SIMMONS:that's what we're doin' right now you jackass.
GRIF:so? just because we do something doesn't make it smart.
SIMMONS:*sigh* tell me about it.
WASHINGTON:i have the necessary clearance to get close to the storage hall. the plan is, i'll take church as a prisoner. if i take more than one of you it won't be believable.
CABOOSE:agent washington, i want you to take me instead.
CHURCH:what're you talkin' about?
CABOOSE:i will be your prisoner. let church go. he doesn't have anything to do with this!
CHURCH:caboose, i'm not actually going to be a prisoner. i'm just gonna pose as one so that we can get past-
CABOOSE:have a good life church. don't worry. i won't tell them anything. they won't get any information out of me. no matter how nicely they ask.
CHURCH:oh my god, just shut up.
SARGE:sacrificing himself for his co. what a good soldier. why can't you two be more like him?
GRIF:what, braindead?
SIMMONS:i would sacrifice grif for you sir.
SARGE:i know you would simmons. but it's just not the same thing.
SIMMONS:no but seriously i would. just give me the word. i'll do it right fucking now, let's go. bring it.
GRIF:why are you taking church? what about the rest of us?
WASHINGTON:we're sneaking past seven levels of armed checkpoints. are you volunteering?
GRIF:uh, it was a hypothetical question?
WASHINGTON:the rest of you hole up and wait for us to finish. and don't touch anything.
SARGE:how will we know when you're done?
WASHINGTON:when you see every guard in the base running in one direction? that means we're probably in trouble.
CHURCH:all the guards? whu- yuh- wait, wh-why are we taking church, again?
WASHINGTON:just keep the guards off of us, and we'll radio when we're in position. this will be our extraction point.
GRIF:keep them off you?
WASHINGTON:yeah.
CHURCH:distract them, dipshit.
GRIF:how?
WASHINGTON:well, this is the center that came up with all the ridiculous scenarios you guys have suffered through over the years. so have fun. break some shit.
GUARD 1:hold on, don't come any closer. i need you to stay right there, sir.
WASHINGTON:understood. i need access to the next level. the counsellor wants to interrogate another survivor from outpost 17b.
GUARD 1:what? i thought all the blues at valhalla were dead. where'd this one come from?
WASHINGTON:i don't have to explain anything to you, soldier. stand down.
GUARD 1:sorry sir, i didn't mean anything by that-
WASHINGTON:fine. i'll let it go. as you were.
GUARD 1:something doesn't seem right to me. i'm gonna have to call this in.
WASHINGTON:absolutely. call it in. let me just now!
CHURCH:uh, hey can i get a little help i'm, out of bullets.
CHURCH:thanks.
SIMMONS:this patrol was seventeen seconds late. who's runnin' this place? how inefficient. sloppy...
SARGE:i'm bored outta my gourd.
GRIF:so what? bored is good. bored means we're not dying. boredom i can deal with. i have years of practice.
CABOOSE:yes! grif talked, i won, i won the who can be the quietest game again.
GRIF:yeah, good job. that's ten in a row for you caboose. hey, you know what? we should play again. best eleven out of twenty-one.
CABOOSE:yes. you're all going down.
SIMMONS:heh. we should try holding our breath next.
SARGE:well that's it. i can't stand just sittin' around. i'm goin' mad with anticipation.
SIMMONS:we've only been here twelve minutes.
SARGE:are you sure? my mission clock says three days.
SIMMONS:*sigh* that's because you wouldn't synchronize at the start of the mission, remember? i said we should synchronize, and you said "why would we synchronize? it's like we're in the future, seeing what the enemy does before they do it. why would we give up the advantage?"
SARGE:come on, simmons, who could possibly remember an annoying conversation we had three whole days ago?
SIMMONS:twelve minutes ago.
SARGE:grif, what's your clock say?
GRIF:um, actually mine's a countdown to the next episode of battlestar galactica? priorities dude.
CABOOSE:ah- ah- i just won again! man, you guys are really bad at this game! it's- it's like you're not even playing at all!
WASHINGTON:here. this is it.
CHURCH:whoa. what is this place?
WASHINGTON:it's the storage facility for all the a.i.s. the rejects, the bad variants... everything is here. everything.
CHURCH:dear lord, what're all these lights on the walls?
WASHINGTON:it's holographic storage.
CHURCH:and one of these things is alpha?
WASHINGTON:you work on closing that door. i'll find what we're looking for. and when i do, every soldier on base is sure to come running. so be ready.
VOICE:washington. washington. you suck.
WASHINGTON:churh i got it, get over here. here, this is it. there.
CHURCH:oh, great you found it already?
CHURCH:ah!
WASHINGTON:what's wrong?
CHURCH:nothing i just had like a weird flash- uh, ah!
WASHINGTON:are you alright?
CHURCH:yeah, i think it's this thing. it's like, sending out images. is this the alpha?
WASHINGTON:no. this is not the alpha.
CHURCH:no? thn what is it?
WASHINGTON:this, is epsilon. ...this is my a.i.
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:i imagine this investigation of our program is providing you with the kind of attention that politicians crave so much. how very predictable. what has surprised me most about mankind during the great war, is not our ability to adapt to the new arenas of conflict, but instead, our willingness in victory to so quickly return to the old.
CHURCH:you mean to tell me we've come all this way for this? your fucking crazy a.i. epsilon?
WASHINGTON:yes. i thought it was gone. but delta told you memory was the key. at first i thought he meant to remember our first encounter. and when i met delta the first time what i told him was-
WASHINGTON:you were encrypted until you could be recovered.
DELTA:recovery carries risk. destruction ensures that an a.i.-
WASHINGTON:you cost a lot of money, okay? it's cheaper to recover you than it is to delete you.
WASHINGTON:when they removed epsilon from me, he was unravelling, casting off all his thoughts. i was sure they deleted him but it's-
CHURCH:it's cheaper to store it than it is to delete it. right?
WASHINGTON:right.
CHURCH:but why are we looking for this thing? what's the point?
WASHINGTON:the message specifically said that memory is the key. delta was telling me that epsilon was still alive.
CHURCH:and epsilon is the key?
WASHINGTON:in a way. at the end of the war, things didn't look good for humans. and there were dozens of projects all trying to come up with the magic bullet to win.
CHURCH:right.
WASHINGTON:project freelancer was one of them. they had their research with agressive a.i. but they could only get the one, and they needed more to conduct their experiments. so, they got desperate.
CHURCH:right. they tried to... they tried to copy it but they couldn't, so they-
WASHINGTON:all a.i. are based on a human mind. and the director had a theory. he thought, if we can't copy it, we'll just have to do the next best thing.
CHURCH:ah! they, they split it?
WASHINGTON:just like a human mind when it's broken; it fragments. it fractures itself to protect itself.
CHURCH:they tortured it.
WASHINGTON:like reverse engineering a multiple personality disorder. they presented alpha with scenario after scenario of stress and danger. when it started to fragment, they harvested those fragments.
CHURCH:the freelancer a.i.s.
WASHINGTON:exhorted little fragments of purified compartmentalized emotion. none of them were a full personality. some were good-
CHURCH:like delta?
WASHINGTON:delta was alpha's logic. it needed to protect itself from analyzing what was happening to it. so it segregated that part of its mind. the part that would be able to understand the horror of what they were doing to it. and when the anger came and threatened to take over, it split that off too. that was omega; its rage. gamma was its deceit. sigma was its creativity. and epsilon...
CHURCH:epsilon was its memories.
WASHINGTON:and memory is the key.
GRIF:uhh, okay. now i'm bored. simmons, promise to do me a favor. if the madness sets in, just shoot me.
SARGE:do everyone a favor and shoot him now.
SIMMONS:is that an order?
SARGE:nah, save your bullets for somethin' worthwhile.
SARGE:hey simmons, get over here! hustle up!
SIMMONS:what's up sir?
SARGE:you're good with uh, computers, right?
SIMMONS:well i'd like to think so, i mean there's really all different kinds of skill sets. like you have your binary computation, you have uh bus transport-
SARGE:yes or no?
SIMMONS:yes.
SARGE:okay here's what i'm thinin'. if this is command, and these computers have some of those internets installed on 'em-
SIMMONS:there's just one internet, sir, and i don't think it's located inside this building.
SARGE:they probably have all the information about everything, right? like in a, spreadabase or, one of them rom things? datasheet?
SIMMONS:i'm sorry, was that something i was supposed to understand? was that even english?
SARGE:come on, man, you know, like all the mainframes, on the reds and the blues. series of tubes and whatnot.
SIMMONS:ookayy, you're using a lot of terms that don't really make sense. i think you're asking me if these computers store all the data on red and blue armies?
SARGE:control-alt-bingo.
SIMMONS:probably.
SARGE:could you get in to it?
SIMMONS:yeah, if i had some time. what're you thinking sir?
SARGE:simmons, i want you to erase the blues.
SIMMONS:what, you mean like the blues from our canyon?
SARGE:no simmons, all of them. gone. erased. as in wiped off the map. kablooie. terminate process.
SIMMONS:sir, you just blew my mind.
WASHINGTON:as they continued to torture it alpha couldn't keep its sanity and its memories at the same time. so it had to purge them. that fragment became epsilon. and i was just unlucky enough to have it assigned to me.
CHURCH:so you knew. you knew from the beginning what was going on.
WASHINGTON:mostly. they never told anyone what they did here. i got flashes when they put epsilon in my head. memories of what the director did to it.
COUNSELLOR:so you would say that you have overwhelming feelings of anger, and a need for revenge?
WASHINGTON:more than you know.
WASHINGTON:just like you're getting now. that's why epsilon went insane; it was meant to. it was all the horrible experiences the alpha needed to shed to survive. and that's why it had to be removed from me.
CHURCH:did they know that you had the memories?
WASHINGTON:i never said a word. but they had their suspicions.
WASHINGTON:do you still have yours?
SOUTH:no wash, i never had one. i was in the implant group behind you, remember? and after what happened to you, nobody got any more.
WASHINGTON:i would never let them put another a.i. in my head. i was afraid i wouldn't be able to hide what i knew from another program. which ironically is what led them to think i could be trusted.
CHURCH:well what do we do with it?
WASHINGTON:we take it, and we get it in the hands of someone who can use all its information. then they can bring down the person responsible for what was done to alpha. and to me. and to my friends. they can take down the director.
CHURCH:but what about the meta? how do we stop him? isn't that the point? i thought only the alpha could do that. are we gonna find it or not?
WASHINGTON:no.
CHURCH:no?
WASHINGTON:after the first attack on command, they moved it. they knew the a.i. would just convince their freelancers to come looking for it again. so they put it in a place where they didn't think anyone could find it.
CHURCH:but, where? shouldn't we be there, instead of here?
WASHINGTON:church, i need you to listen to me. delta was the logic. he was able to figure out things before anyone else. it's why he left a message for you in a way that he knew only you could find, and in a way that let me see you getting it.
CHURCH:what are you saying?
WASHINGTON:i'm saying i know what you are. even if you don't. why you can seemingly live without a body.
CHURCH:what?
WASHINGTON:it's why they stuck you in some useless backwater canyon where no-one ever goes. then why they transferred every person in your outpost to a different base than you.
CHURCH:i've been here fourteen months.
WASHINGTON:what? over a year, by yourself?
WASHINGTON:it's why you always agreed with everything delta said.
DELTA:i think we should simply be happy it is gone.
CHURCH:that makes sense to me.
WASHINGTON:why you didn't feel anything when omega got inside your head.
CHURCH:feels pretty much the same, that's, that's kinda weird.
WASHINGTON:why you can jump from person to person the way it can.
WASHINGTON:it all adds up then. omega was the one who inherited that trait.
WASHINGTON:church, there's no such thing as ghosts. you're one of them. you're an a.i. you, are the alpha.
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:it is now clear, that your agency and its primary program "project freelancer" have abused the trust and freedoms that the oversight sub-committee has provided you. your abuse of the alpha a.i. will now become the subject of a criminal investigation. i am sorry director, but you have seen the end of my patience.
SARGE:what're you finding out, simmons?
SIMMONS:looks like all the blue records are here, i just don't have the access to delete them. i'm trying to work around that right now.
GRIF:ooh, try hacking the mainframe.
SIMMONS:this isn't a mainframe system.
GRIF:how 'bout cracking it, would cracking it work?
SIMMONS:grif shut up! stop making suggestions when you have no idea what you're talking about.
GRIF:well, if you want help-
SIMMONS:i don't want help.
GRIF:maybe you should explain what's going on, and i could make an educated suggestion.
SIMMONS:ehducated? okay, fine. this computer is a dedicated interface with a highly developed security protocol. the information we are accessing is stored on a separate database with its own dedicated hardware. that system has its own distinct layer of security. from what i can tell, the two systems verify their identities by trading randomly generated two thousand fifty six bit encryption keys. i'm tryin' to spoof one of those keys right now. so, grif. i'm all ears. any suggestions?
GRIF:oh yeah, i've seen that before. you should try uploading a virus to the mainframe.
SIMMONS:jesus.
GRIF:i find viruses that feature a laughing skull tend to work the best.
SIMMONS:shut the fuck up and let me work!
CHURCH:you're a fucking idiot.
WASHINGTON:that's not the reaction i expected.
CHURCH:you think i'm a computer program.
WASHINGTON:why is that hard to believe?
CHURCH:uh, how 'bout 'cause i'm a person. that i have been my whole life? that i have memories from when i'hm a kid? and i don't remember being a calculator, dude.
WASHINGTON:a.i. are programs based on an actual human mind. you're bound to have some residual memories. they're just not yours.
CHURCH:oh you're so full o' shit.
WASHINGTON:and after what you've been through it's not hard to imagine you wouldn't-
CHURCH:oh, st- thi- give me a break dude.
WASHINGTON:okay, fine. i guess you being a spirit makes more sense.
CHURCH:fuck yeah it does it's way less geeky asshole.
WASHINGTON:a spirit.
CHURCH:yeah. that's right.
WASHINGTON:a ghost!
CHURCH:boo, mother fucker.
SARGE:simmons, how's your progress?
SIMMONS:good, i'm almost in. this blinking light is really distracting me though.
SARGE:what is it?
GRIF:hey guys, i told caboose to watch out the windows in the next room. that should give us some relief.
SARGE:good. simmons, if that light bothers you so much, just turn it off.
SIMMONS:hey, i got a great idea, how 'bout if someone else does somethin' for once. i'm workin' here!
GRIF:heuh, i'll do it.
TUCKER:hello! come in command! do you read command? why isn't anyone answering!?
GRIF:what should i say?
SIMMONS:who the fuck cares, just get rid of him.
GRIF:um, hello. uh, this is command. go ahead.
TUCKER:finally! hey! this is a distress call! we need help down here asap! mayday, and all that shit!
GRIF:oh, yeah, uh, sorry dude, there's no-one here to take your call right now.
TUCKER:what!?
GRIF:can i take a message?
TUCKER:dude that's bullshit. you guys suck.
GRIF:is that the message?
TUCKER:no it's not the message asshole! tell them, we found what we're looking for, and it's under the sand. send, help, now.
SIMMONS:(whispering) what the hell is he talking about?
GRIF:(whispering) who the fuck knows? (speaking) under, sand. uh okay. i got it. as soon as they get back i'll be sure to grab them and uh, slip it to 'em.
TUCKER:yeah, slip it to 'em! bow chicka bow wow.
GRIF:...what'd you say?
TUCKER:oh shit, gotta go!
GRIF:was that who i think it was?
CABOOSE:did somebody here just say something?
WASHINGTON:look, you can resist this all you want, but that doesn't change the fact that i need your help to beat the meta.
CHURCH:why me?
WASHINGTON:who else, church?
CHURCH:why not tex? she's a ghost, like me. use her.
WASHINGTON:but she's not you. even if i could find her, even if she's still alive i don't think i could trust her. tex is... confusing. the director and councellor always worked so closely with her, she was, like... their favourite.
CHURCH:you sound jealous. what's the matter, daddy didn't love you enough?
WASHINGTON:we were a competitive group. we had to be. but she always had special treatment from our superiors. there has to be a reason for that. she is... she's... i don't know what she is.
CHURCH:uhuh, what? you don't know something? i thought you knew everything?
WASHINGTON:no church, i don't know everything. you're not going to get all the answers you want. but what i do know is that the meta and this program are an enormous danger to everyone. and we just need to do what's expected of us. do you think you can-
CHURCH:oh great! what is that?
WASHINGTON:we've been found out. quick, grab epsilon. i'll lead us out. keep your head down.
CHURCH:okay, but if this fucking thing sends out any more images, i'm gonna throw it in the nearest trash can.
CABOOSE:does anyone else hear that?
GRIF:yes, we all hear it caboose.
SARGE:simmons, did you do that?
SIMMONS:i don't think so. hope not.
CABOOSE:uh, red guys? uhm, white guys are coming? aaand, they look mad.
CABOOSE:really, mad.
SARGE:grif, close those shutters!
GRIF:on it.
SIMMONS:here, i got it! this is every bit of information about the blues and their soldiers!
SARGE:can you erase it?
SIMMONS:i can, but sarge maybe we should think about this for a moment. what happens if we delete the blues?
SARGE:it means they never existed.
SIMMONS:but did you ever stop to think, what does it mean to be red if there is no blue? if they never existed what's the purpose of even having a red army if there's no-one for us to fight? do you understand what i mean? it's like, flip sides of the same-
SIMMONS:...coin.
SARGE:what it means is what it's always meant. we rule, they suck. don't over-analyze it you pussy.
GRIF:oh my god. where's caboose?
SARGE:what in the-
SIMMONS:where did he go? *gasp* you don't think that deleting him from the computer somehow altered the fabric of reality and removed him from-
CABOOSE:hey guys. i was just tryin' to find the bathroom. church always has me go before a big battle. he hates when i ask to go in the middle of one.
SIMMONS:oh...
SARGE:did you want to finish your thought, simmons?
SIMMONS:naw that's okay, i'm- i'm cool.
GRIF:come on dude, tell us more about the reality bending computer. i'm hanging on your every word.
SIMMONS:i don't wanna talk about it.
SARGE:how do we turn this damn alarm off? maybe it's one of those clap things.
SARGE:there we go.
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:i don't give a damn about your committee and its opinions of my work. have you forgotten sir, we were at war? a fight with an alien race for the very survival of our species? i feel i must remind you, that it is an undeniable, and may i say a fundamental quality of man, that when face with extinction, every alternative is preferable.
SOLDIER:over here, over here!
WASHINGTON:get that door!
CHURCH:what's the status up here?
GRIF:fucked up, 'bout to die, simmons is a nerd... the usual.
SARGE:looks like we've got at least half a dozen squads out there. they know our position, and we're outgunned.
WASHINGTON:so, what's the plan?
SARGE:well we were gonna retreat down the hall until you just brought more guards up that way, so now the plan's pretty much to go down swinging. you first.
GRIF:hey simmons, can you get back on that computer and change my affiliation from red to freelancer?
SIMMONS:traitor.
GRIF:hey, you gotta go with the winner.
CABOOSE:um, could you change my job title to something more important like astronaut-oh, i know, space marine!
CHURCH:what are you idiots doing?
SIMMONS:this computer has all of command's records.
CHURCH:it does? records on everybody?
SIMMONS:yeah. you know, theoretically.
SIMMONS:hup du-doo, doo doo, nothin' to see here, doo doo doo doo...
CHURCH:oh great, now i'll show you that you're wrong.
WASHINGTON:what an excellent idea.
SIMMONS:wrong about what?
CHURCH:wash has been trying to convince me, that i'm, an a.i.
GRIF:hunh? why would he do that?
WASHINGTON:because he's transparent? he can take over other people, you know, that kind of stuff.
GRIF:that's because he's a ghost dude.
CHURCH:thank you, that's what i said.
WASHINGTON:if he's a ghost, why aren't any of the other soldiers turning in to ghosts?
CHURCH:okay fine, why don't we just settle this? simmons, look me up in the database.
SIMMONS:yeah i'd like to help, but we may have just kind of, you know, deleted all that stuff for the blues.
WASHINGTON:all of what stuff for the blues?
SIMMONS:the everything stuff?
WASHINGTON:didn't i tell you not to touch anything?
SIMMONS:yes. but, you also told us to break stuff. this seemed like an excellent compromise.
CHURCH:alright, great, that's fantastic now i can't prove him wrong, and i don't get a paycheck. fucking great, thanks guys.
SARGE:and your side never existed! which means red wins. suck it you non-existant losers!
CHURCH:doh nobody gives a fuck about that.
SARGE:sour grapes.
GRIF:no way, he's not a computer.
SARGE:how can we be sure?
CABOOSE:maybe we should ask him something only a computer would know.
SIMMONS:like what?
CABOOSE:what's nine times eight?
THE REDS:seventy two.
CABOOSE:oh my god it's spreading.
GRIF:how 'bout this: show me some porn.
CHURCH:what?
CABOOSE:what?
SARGE:what?
GRIF:that's what all my computers do. oh, oh, uh, uh, steal some music for me. oh or uh uh, talk about politics and bore the shit out of me.
CABOOSE:do you have any pictures of cats in serious situations?
WASHINGTON:because of the trauma he's been through, he's not going to be able to access most of his functions. he may not even realise his full potential.
SARGE:not living up to his potential? that means grif's a computer too.
WASHINGTON:it doesn't matter. we don't need him to believe. until the next time we encounter the meta.
WASHINGTON:what the hell was that!?
SARGE:come on, do you even need to ask?
FREELANCER:primary target has arrived. engage, engage!
CHURCH:the meta, how'd he get inside the compound?
SIMMONS:what do you mean how, it took us like ten minutes. not that hard.
WASHINGTON:perfect.
CHURCH:perfect?
WASHINGTON:he's been following us since i found caboose. i knew he couldn't resist getting his hands on all the stored command a.i.s. especially epsilon.
CHURCH:you knew about this?
WASHINGTON:knew about it? i planned on it. still have epsilon?
CHURCH:yeah, of course.
WASHINGTON:good, let's get it to safety. then we can finish this. once and for all.
CHURCH:you know i'm starting not to trust you.
SARGE:what do you mean startin' to?
GRIF:what is this, the motor pool?
WASHINGTON:yes. looks like everyone is outside fighting the meta. still, be careful. red, you grab a vehicle. caboose, somehow i hate to ask this, but, can you drive?
CABOOSE:yes. but not an automatic; only stick.
WASHINGTON:why can't you drive-
GRIF:we're in a rush, come back to it later.
WASHINGTON:right. caboose, grab that car. church, put epsilon in caboose's jeep. you guys are gonna make a break for it. take epsilon and turn him over to the authorities. they'll know what to do with him.
SARGE:you're not comin'?
WASHINGTON:no. church and i are staying. project freelancer had one last resort failsafe: a high power e.m.p. that can wipe out all the a.i. in this facility. now that the meta is here we have a chance to take them all out at once and put this entire project out of commission.
GRIF:what's an e.m.p.?
WASHINGTON:it's an electo-magnetic pulse. it wipes out all circuitry and computers it touches. it will destroy the a.i.-
SIMMONS:oh, you mean an emp.
SARGE:yeah, i was just about to say. sounds like he's talkin' 'bout an emp.
WASHINGTON:emp? that's not how you say it.
SARGE:that's how most people say it. "emp."
WASHINGTON:no, they don't.
CHURCH:i say it that way.
WASHINGTON:it's initials for electro, magnetic, pulse. that's e.m.p.
GRIF:right. which spells emp. durr.
WASHINGTON:we don't have time for this. you're wrong.
SIMMONS:why don't we take a vote.
WASHINGTON:a vote? no. no vote, you're just wrong. there's no vote, it's e.m.p.
CABOOSE:not very democratic.
WASHINGTON:being wrong isn't a democracy. church and i will work our way down to the director's lab while the rest of you escape.
SARGE:what if the meta follows us?
WASHINGTON:no chance. there's no way he can pass up all the a.i. in here. put epsilon in the car and let's get moving.
CHURCH:i'm leaving. i'm going with them.
WASHINGTON:what?
CHURCH:wash, i don't give a shit about any of this. i hate you, i hate the freelancers, i hate everything about you guys. this isn't my fight; it's yours.
WASHINGTON:it's your fight more than anyone else's!
CHURCH:i don't care what you say, no, it isn't.
WASHINGTON:church, you'll never get another shot at fixing all of this. i know you don't believe what i've told you, but you need to ask yourself, what if i'm right? if i am, or if you have any doubts, not finding out will haunt you for the rest of your life. not just finding out about you but, finding out about everyone close to you as well. it's your choice. what's it going to be?
CHAIRMAN:to the director of project freelancer.
CHAIRMAN:i write to inform you, that by the authority of this sub-committee, officers have been dispatched, to place you under arrest, and we expect your full co-operation. congratulations are in order, i suppose. when they write the new morality protocols for dealing with a.i., i'm certain they will name entire sections of the doctrine after you. it seems that you will earn your place in history after all, dear director.
WASHINGTON:alright. stick to the plan. just run. get epsilon out of here. turn it over to the authorities the first chance you get.
SIMMONS:sarge, shouldn't we help him? he won't stand a chance against that thing.
SARGE:we have our orders, simmons. we have to think about the mission.
GRIF:fihinally an order i wanna follow. "run away and live."
SARGE:if agent wash wants to face him alone, that's his business.
SIMMONS:yeah but he doesn't wanna face him alone. it's just that some people won't help him.
SARGE:that's not our business either.
WASHINGTON:just drive. when the e.m.p. goes off-
CABOOSE:you mean the emp?
WASHINGTON:stop it. it will destroy epsilon if you're not far enough away.
CABOOSE:you got it mister washington.
WASHINGTON:take care of yourself guys. i know that's one thing you're good at.
WASHINGTON:he's gonna be on you as soon as you clear the gate. be ready to move. protect the blues' vehicle at any cost.
SARGE:protect the blues, right, yeah. we'll get riiight on that shit.
WASHINGTON:that's it. lead the meta as far away from the base as possible.
AN A.I.:he's tricking you.
ANOTHER A.I.:get the a.i.
A THIRD A.I.:we need them.
WASHINGTON:i just hope there's enough time.
SIMMONS:he's fallen for it, gun it grif!
GRIF:hold on everyone.
PA VOICE:warning. security breech detected.
COUNSELLOR:agent washington. good to see you again.
WASHINGTON:oh, hello. are you somewhere nearby, counsellor? somewhere i can say hello in person?
COUNSELLOR:sorry agent washington, but we were more than prepared for this... eventuality. i'm afraid we will not be able to see each other in person today.
WASHINGTON:well then you'll excuse me if i don't stop to chat. i'm on a timetable.
COUNSELLOR:there is someone else here who would like to speak with you.
DIRECTOR:well hello, agent washington.
WASHINGTON:the director himself, i should be honored. i should be.
DIRECTOR:yes, i realize it has been a while since we've spoke, david. may i call you david?
WASHINGTON:no, you cannot. you gave me my new name, the least you can do is use it.
DIRECTOR:i am certain you have a lot of questions, wash.
WASHINGTON:just one: how do i turn off this speaker.
PA VOICE:warning. security breech detected.
DIRECTOR:well. the prodigal son returns. agent maine you've caused quite a few problems for us. you will not be leaving this time.
WASHINGTON:i think i've said that myself about twenty times in the last few weeks. good luck holding him.
DIRECTOR:you would be surprised what we are capable of, even from this distance. i suggest you work with us if you expect to survive this.
WASHINGTON:i'm sorry, did something about my actions indicate i expect to survive?
SARGE:still about half a click to go. step on it!
PA VOICE:clearance verified. the failsafe is now online. awaiting activation.
DIRECTOR:how did you get those codes?
WASHINGTON:you might be surprised what i know, director.
PA VOICE:warning, this is a last resort measure. activating the failsafe will destroy all electronic equipment in this facility, including this terminal. please confirm.
DIRECTOR:it was epsil'n. he inherited the memories, didn't he.
WASHINGTON:i've known about what you did since the moment you implanted him in me.
DIRECTOR:well then i am very sorry agent washington, but project freelancer no longer has need of your services. program, disable interior shield.
WASHINGTON:what?
DIRECTOR:agent maine, please kill agent washington.
WASHINGTON:nah-
PA VOICE:alert: incoming recovery beacon. level zero. immediate response necessary.
DIRECTOR:agent washington i fear this is one recovery beacon you won't be responding to. kill him agent maine.
AN A.I.:where is it?
ANOTHER A.I.:where is alpha?
A THIRD A.I.:where is it?
DIRECTOR:the alpha is not here. it has been moved far away. attend to the matter at hand.
COUNSELLOR:agent maine what the director's trying to say, is we can discuss the alpha later. what's important, is that you prove that you can be trusted again. we need to trust you before letting you meet the alpha. wouldn't you agree?
WASHINGTON:you know meta, why wait? why don't you meet him, right now?
CHURCH:hi there.
AN A.I.:it's him!
ANOTHER A.I.:alpha!
A THIRD A.I.:alpha!
GRIF:caboose, watch out for that rock!
CABOOSE:oh no. church!
GRIF:what the hell are you doing, why are you stopping, move!
CABOOSE:his body fell out.
GRIF:so what!?
CABOOSE:he's gonna need it.
SIMMONS:it's just an empty shell, now get going!
GRIF:caboose move it or we're leaving you!
CHURCH:you know i can see why you didn't want anyone else in your head. got some pretty heavy stuff going on there. i think you need to talk to a professional.
WASHINGTON:that's too bad. i just lost my job, and we have great mental health coverage.
CHURCH:how much time do you need?
WASHINGTON:whatever you can get me. when the e.m.p. goes off-
CHURCH:when it goes off, i'll be fine. it only affects computers, remember? and i, am a mother fucking ghost.
DIRECTOR:what's goin' on!?
COUNSELLOR:agent washington, please, there is time. if you would just secure agent maine we can discuss this situation, in a more civilized manner.
WASHINGTON:no, we can't.
PA VOICE:thank you, failsafe initiated. activating emp.
WASHINGTON:emp? you have got to be fucking wi-
SIMMONS:here comes the pulse, don't stop!
GRIF:ah, shit, it stalled!
SARGE:go go go!
GRIF:get epsilon out of here, don't worry about us!
CABOOSE:okay! i'm scared!
SIMMONS:watch where you're going!
GRIF:no!
CABOOSE:nnyaaaaaaaa-
DIRECTOR:dear chairman.
DIRECTOR:i am disappointed by your decision to press charges, but i am not surprised. my only hope is that the courts will see the matters differently than you have. you see, i never had the chance to serve in battle, nor did fate provide me the opportunity to sacrifice myself for humanity as it did for so many others in the great war. someone extremely dear to me was lost very early in my life. my mind has always plagued me with the question, if the choice had been placed in my hands, could i have saved her? the memory of her, has haunted me my entire life, and moreso in these last few years than i could ever have imagined. but given the events of these past few weeks, i feel confident that had i been given the chance, i would have made those sacrifices myself. had i only the chance.
SARGE:men, i just got word from our new command. they said that thanks to our brave efforts in bringing project freelancer to justice, we can have full use of these former bases to continue our training exercises, until such time as they need them for more official purposes. whatever the hell that means.
SIMMONS:wow, that's great news sir.
SARGE:we even got a shiny new jeep. courtesy of the unsc.
GRIF:yeah, but sarge, what the hell is, uh, shotgun, by the way.
SIMMONS:shotgun- fuck!
GRIF:what the hell is the unsc?
SARGE:iunno, never heard of it. sounds made up.
DIRECTOR:i know that you disagreed with my methods, and that others will as well. this is beyond my control. however, i cannot imagine that any court, would be able to convict me, no matter how low their opinion of my actions might be. you must understand one basic fact for all this to make sense my dear chairman. these a.i., they all come from somewhere; they are all based on a person. now alpha, was no exception. and while the law has many penalties for the atrocities we inflict on others, there are no punishments for the terrors that we inflict on ourselves. so you send your men. they won't find themselves a fight. they'll only find an old man. an old man tired, but satisfied he did his duty. an old man weary from a mind more filled with memory, than it is with hope.
CABOOSE:okay. time to see if this works.
DIRECTOR:sincerely yours, the former director of project freelancer, doctor leonard church.
VOICE:a memo, to the chairman of the oversight sub-committee from the director of project freelancer.
DIRECTOR:dear chairman, i write today in response to your committee's request for more information about our program and the suspected incident at outpost 17-b. no doubt by now, you have reviewed the video logs transmitted by our recovery agents dispatched to the region. i am sure you have seen the empty bases; the barricades constructed by the survivors. the cryptic warning left on the wall. the battles that apparently took place between team members that had turned on one another. and of course... the ship.
DIRECTOR:while we cannot say for certain, i share your concern we have an unfortunate post-project scenario taking place. however, i take exception to your assertion that we were warned this was a possibility.
DIRECTOR:i would like to remind the sub-committee members, that anything is possible. some things are probable. this is, what is. and my agency as it always has, will continue to deal with what is... until it is no more.
CHURCH:hi. i'm private church from the popular web series red vs blue.
CABOOSE:and i am also a popular show.
CHURCH:we've been putting rvb on the web for several years now, and we've noticed a lot of trends on internet forums.
CABOOSE:but more importantly, we've also noticed some things, that never happen.
CHURCH:right, and we know all about the rush to be first on forums; to say something fresh and new that noone has ever heard before. so we thought we'd help all of you out by telling you ten things we've never heard said on an internet forum.
SARGE:you know i remember when nobody knew about this band. we used to have to go to small clubs to see 'em. now they've gotten so popular, we get to see them in huge arenas all over the country, and their songs are on the radio all the time. it's great! i'm really happy for them, and for all their success.
CHURCH:yeah, it's a really great feeling to have been a part of something at the beginning, that turned out to be so popular.
CHURCH:hey you know that song that automatically plays every time i load your myspace page? i love it! it's like a soundtrack for the internet.
SARGE:oh, this video. i've already seen it before! and i loved it! thanks for showin' it to me again, so i could relive the experience.
CABOOSE:you, are welcome!
SARGE:and what ever happened to the numbers on the hatch? it's like they're just makin' it up as they go along-
CABOOSE:excuse me, i am new here and there is a lot of things i don't understand.about the way this place works.
SARGE:wow. a new user. that's great! we'd be happy to show you the ropes.
LOPEZ:amoa nuevos personas.
CAPTION:i love new users.
LOPEZ:yo puedo esperar or una opinion fresca sobre.
CAPTION:i look forward to their fresh perspective on the things we usually talk about.
SARGE:welcome newwww best friend.
SARGE:hey, you know that video game that's exclusive to the video game console you play? i just read that they're making a version for the video game console that i play!
CHURCH:wow, thah- man, that is a relief. i was getting really tired of telling people with other consoles how great this game was. now i'm so glad you guys are gonna have a chance to enjoy it too. and i'll tell you another thing, i'm gonna be really excited to see the differences in the two versions.
CHURCH:hey, that new pc game you want to play? comes out next week, but it costs fifty-five dollars.
CABOOSE:fifty-five dollars? that's more than i wanted to pay... oh well, i guess i won't get to play it then.
CHURCH:eh well, maybe you could save up.
SARGE:so i was reading the aol homepage the other day...
CABOOSE:but luckily, a woman's voice reminded me that i could win a free ipod. otherwise i would have missed the ad altogether!
SARGE:and what about the polar bears? what were they even doing on the island. hey, you wanna come talk about this?
CHURCH:not really, thanks. i don't really like that show, and i don't think i'd have anything good to say about it; i figure, you know, why bring you guys down?
SARGE:...
CABOOSE:...
SARGE:if you like that guy's one youtube video, you should really watch the rest of his work. you really get to see him grow as an artist.
CHURCH:so there you have it. feel free to use these statements in any of the forums that you frequent. we guarantee you'll be the only person to use 'em.
CABOOSE:just be sure to include the copyright statement at the end of this video.
CHURCH:well that's a given. you know how much we all value copyright.
SARGE:why would you even cast a kid in that part anyway? you know he's gonna go through puberty in the fifth episode. first thing we're flashin' backwards, then we're flashin' forwards, next thing you know we'll be flashin' sideways to everybody loves raymond! and that smoke monster; don't get me started on the smoke monster.
SIMMONS:hi there. i'm private dick simmons from the popular web series, red vs blue.
GRIF:even though we haven't been in the show in like six months.
SIMMONS:here at red vs blue, we're always looking to improve the video watching experience.
GRIF:does this mean we're finally using some of my suggestions?
SIMMONS:hhh, no. we can't do porn. this is the internet. show some class.
GRIF:i hate this show.
SIMMONS:as you may know, since their introduction in to video games, achievements have been enormously popular. and since we like being enormously popular-
GRIF:and taking other people's ideas.
SIMMONS:we have now decided to integrate achievement technology in to all future red vs blue videos.
SARGE:what's an achievement?
GRIF:aoh, they're these pointless little awards you get when you do something right in a video game.
SARGE:do something right? i take it grif's never gotten one.
SIMMONS:actually sir, they are very cool.
GRIF:i hate achievements.
SIMMONS:what? why?
GRIF:because they're a waste of time. why bother with them?
SIMMONS:why bother with anything in a video game? it's for fun.
GRIF:that's not true. some games are serious business.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:one time, i played donkey kong so well, i cured kidneyism. it was the best day ever. the end.
SIMMONS:kidneyism? there's no such disease as kidneyism.
GRIF:that's right, not any more. 'cause i cured that bitch.
SIMMONS:idiot.
GRIF:what was that?
SIMMONS:that's one of our new video achievements. i got it for calling you an idiot.
SARGE:hold on. you mean we get prizes for makin' fun of grif? suddenly i'm very interested. count me in.
SARGE:where do i sign up?
SIMMONS:many of the achievements are based on our characters. so if you do something your character is known for, you get one.
GRIF:don't even think about it.
GRIF:ow!
SARGE:this is great! i'm a convert!
SARGE:hey! where's that little annoying thingie? i thought i got one of those every time i beat the crap out of grif?
SIMMONS:well sir, you can only get them once. it wouldn't make much sense if you get them every time.
SARGE:now it's lost its lustre. it all seems so empty to me now.
SARGE:never thought i'd see the day when beating grif to death wasn't fun, but here it is.
GRIF:hhh, finally something good about achievements. they're still stupid though.
GRIF:(sees achievement) ...what that's bullshit. i have plenty of air in my- *gasp* breathe---
SIMMONS:do not attempt to defy the achievements. you have been warned. they see everything.
CABOOSE:i also have my own achievables.
SIMMONS:shut up blue, we haven't even made any for you guys yet.
CABOOSE:yes you have, see? bleep bloop.
SIMMONS:that's not a real achievement.
CABOOSE:yes it is. bleep bloop.
SIMMONS:no, you can't do that! you can't fake the achievements they have to be approved!
CABOOSE:bleep bloop.
SIMMONS:stop saying bleep bloop.
CABOOSE:bleep bloop.
SIMMONS:stop it!
CABOOSE:bleep bloop.
SIMMONS:stop iiit!
CABOOSE:bleep bloop.
SIMMONS:okay, that's it, i quit.
CABOOSE:bleep bloop.
CABOOSE:i have so many achievables. bleep bloop.
HOST:it's election night in the multiplayer universe, and i'm getting word that most precincts are now reporting. our own bill jenkins is standing by with the results. bill.
BILL:thanks jim, let's go straight to the board and find out how this is shaping up. valhalla here you'll see is first with 100% of the bases reporting, and it looks like we've got uh, six votes for blue and um, another six votes for red so that's-
JIM:no surprise there-
BILL:that's gonna be an, an even split there, here's snowbound, it looks like we're, we're deadlocked there as well that's a 50% red 50% for blue
JIM:seems like all the teams are voting for themselves.
BILL:no kidding jim. tell you what, i'm gonna go through the list and just read the ones that aren't, 50/50.
JIM:ah.
BILL:okay sandtrap, no.
JIM:uh huh.
BILL:last resort no.
JIM:yep.
BILL:guardian no.
JIM:still 50/50.
BILL:epitaph also a big no.
JIM:huh i smell another run-off. ten elections in a row. amazing.
BILL:wait a second, standoff! standoff apparently has seven players.
JIM:you don't say.
BILL:seven players on standoff, that's an uneven number-
JIM:bill-
BILL:we have to have a tie breaker-
JIM:bill, i'm sorry to interrupt you but i have breaking news.
JIM:i've just been told that we have a major development on standoff of all places. for more on this let's go to bill jenkins, in the results room. bill.
BILL:jim you're, interrupting my report to cut to my report. what the hell is the matter with you?
JIM:had to use the graphic, bill.
BILL:i hate you jim. i hate this job.
JIM:interesting.
BILL:okay, according to my reports, standoff has an odd number of players, we mentioned that earlier, so that means there'll have to be ...what? the vote is 3 to 3? another 50/50 split? i- no, it can't be! i- i'm showing that one person didn't vote! who wouldn't vote i ca- i- how can that be?
GRIF:sorry guys, sorry. hh-i forgot to register, so now i can't vote or whatever.
CABOOSE:register?
GRIF:yeah. turns out you have to register before you can vote. talk about a ridiculous system. who knew?
EVERYBODY:everybody!
SARGE:how can you not register?
GRIF:because uh, it was hard? i think?
CHURCH:hard? it's a form. how hard could it be? you can get it on xbox live.
SIMMONS:i even downloaded it for you.
SARGE:grif, i'm unbelievably disappointed in you. and not for the usual list of reasons, but an entirely new set altogether!
CHURCH:even caboose knew to register.
CABOOSE:i did.
CHURCH:i mean he voted for his next door neighbor's cat, but at least he still voted.
CABOOSE:that cat has an excellent foreign policy plan.
SARGE:i'm goin' back to the base. gotta take down that yard sign.
GRIF:i'll just vote next time, right?
CHURCH:shut up.
GRIF:does my vote even matter? i mean sure, it would have decided this election, but that's pretty rare. guys?
CHURCH:man, 8000 microsoft points spent on smear ads, for what, nothin'.
BILL:shut up jim. can i just transfer back to sports? please? why aren't you covering grifball? there's always a winner.
CHURCH:hey guys what's up?
CABOOSE:church go blue.
CHURCH:huh? oh, yeah, okay hold on.
CHURCH:there we go. sorry i was late i had to take out the- wait, simmons is the party leader?
SIMMONS:alright, everyone ready?
CHURCH:why is simmons the party leader?
SARGE:he got here first. he sent the invites.
CHURCH:no, no simmons. he always makes us play some ridiculously complicated custom game.
SIMMONS:it's called blindfold. everyone start with dual plasma pistols and a flamethrower. with no ammo.
CHURCH:no!
SIMMONS:the beat is, three thousand percent.
CABOOSE:oh come on, simmons.
SIMMONS:if you get hit with a green weapon like a plasma pistol, you have to hold your xbox controller upside down until you get hit with a blue weapon, like a plasma rifle.
CHURCH:what?
SIMMONS:but, if you're in a bubble shield which is yellow, and you get hit by a plasma rifle which is blue, then the yellow and blue make green. so-
CABOOSE:can't we just play slayer?
SIMMONS:no no this is fun, we played it last night for like six hours, you're gonna love it.
CHURCH:slayer! slayer!
SARGE:why is it called blindfold?
SIMMONS:because, every time someone shoots you with a needler, you have to close one eye.
CHURCH:no, it's because it's about as much fun as standing in front of a firing squad.
CHURCH:what? no, who started the game? simmons, we don't wanna play this. everybody veto. veto, grif! veto!
GRIF:i can't, dude, i'm at simmons' house. we're playing split-screen. if i veto he's gonna kick me out.
CHURCH:come on come on, we need one more, somebody veto. who didn't vote? tucker, tucker did you vote?
CABOOSE:uh he hasn't said anything in a while, i- i don't think he's there.
CHURCH:tucker! tucker tucker tucker tucker tucker tucker tucker tucker tucker tucker.
SIMMONS:alright, i've got it set for five rounds, thirty minutes a round.
CHURCH:awhaw, tucker come on.
TUCKER:yo, i'm back. hey, church, what's up man?
CHURCH:tucker where were you?
TUCKER:i was gettin' some chocolate milk. what're we playing?
CABOOSE:don't even ask.
TUCKER:what? why is simmons the party leader? awh, man, blindfold? i hate this game. we played for like thirty hours last night. everybody veto. veto!
SARGE,  CABOOSE AND  CHURCH:too late.
SIMMONS:hi. i'm private dick simmons from the popular web series, red vs blue.
GRIF:and i'm private dexter grif, from the same show.
SIMMONS:you know, these days many people are wondering how they can tighten their belts to weather the hard economic times.
GRIF:it turns out some people in some place did some things that lost a bunch of money, for some people you don't even know.
SIMMONS:yeah, we don't understand the details, but apparently people buying houses they can't afford, with money they didn't have, from the banks that weren't paying attention, was a bad thing.
GRIF:who knew?
SIMMONS:also, we're having all sorts of peaks right now. we've got peak oil, peak water, peak temperature-
GRIF:peak hurricanes, peak bees.
SIMMONS:peak bees?
GRIF:it's true, look it up.
SIMMONS:the point is, we're all doomed.
GRIF:absolutely. especially if you're a bee that runs on oil.
SIMMONS:but, in these dark times, it's important that you stay optimistic.
GRIF:right. you should be thinking positive thoughts like "how can i outlive my neighbors so that when they die, i can take their stuff."
SIMMONS:luckily, sarge has gathered some useful tips to help us figure out how to get through these tough times.
SARGE:uh, actually we can't do that right now.
GRIF:what? why not?
SARGE:i've been too busy meetin' with the blues to work on the list.
SIMMONS:meeting?
CHURCH:yeah, this is kinda hard to explain, but... we're bankrupt.
GRIF:you're what?
CHURCH:uh, we're broke. we got some credit cards and we made some bad choices... yeah like we upgraded our flag, we probably shouldn't have.
CABOOSE:and we also bought some hedge fund stocks!
SIMMONS:you bought hedge fund stocks with a credit card?
CHURCH:yeah, and then when we lost money doing that, we tried to buy more stocks by taking out a subprime home equity loan on our base.
CABOOSE:um yeah, so the bank took our base, um then they repossessed our tank, and, our ammo. then the bank sold it all to some foreign characters from another video game.
GRIF:wow. sucks to be you guys.
SARGE:actually it sucks to be everybody. 'cause it's up to us to bail out the blues.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:why would we do that?
SARGE:as of this week, the blues will be moving in to our base. which will be split down the middle with a line of masking tape. right side red, left side blue.
GRIF:they're gonna live in our base?
SARGE:yeah. also grif, you gotta give 'em yer gun.
GRIF:why?
SARGE:they can't afford ammo any more.
GRIF:good, then they can't shoot at us.
SARGE:actually that's bad. we need to have them shooting at us. they have to have competition for a healthy environment.
GRIF:healthy environment? they're gonna be living in our home, and using our guns to shoot at us. that's not healthy, that's suicide!
SARGE:nonsense. it's only until they get back on their feet with all the money we're gonna pay them.
SIMMONS:we're paying them money too!?
SARGE:of course we are. that part just makes sense.
GRIF:where are we getting the money?
SARGE:well as you know, times are tough. so we're gonna have to take out a loan to help 'em.
SIMMONS:what!?
CHURCH:oh, dude. i know a place where you can get an awesome subprime home equity loan for your base.
SARGE:that sounds perfectly reasonable.
SIMMONS:grif, where're you going!?
GRIF:to pawn my armor and gun before the bank takes it!
CHURCH:hey when you get the money from the pawn shop we're gonna need that too! remember we're all in this together!
SOMEBODY:a line.
SOMEBODY ELSE:a response.
A THIRD PERSON?:something a baby might say.
THE FIRST GUY, I GUESS:witty retort.
SOMEONE NEW:something about cheese, perhaps?
ONE OF THE EARLIER PEOPLE:blah blah words and words, pie.
SARGE:something about hurting grif.
SOMEBODY:straight line.
DONUT:not so straight line.
GRIF:fag.
GRIF:i'm telling you, this is a whole new world for us. new bases, new armor, it's a fresh start.
SIMMONS:then why the fuck are we still having the same stupid conversation?
GRIF:just think! you know how people say "if i knew then what i knew now?" whell that person is you, and you already know it! and the "then" is right now!
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:don't you regret anything from our last assignment? like all your mistakes?
SIMMONS:i didn't make mistakes, you made mistakes.
GRIF:exactly, you set too high of a bar, and that made it harder for the rest of us.
SIMMONS:there is no "rest of us," there's just you. and, you suck. the bar has nothing to do with it. if the bar was set any lower, you'd just hit your fucking head on it. or accidentally eat it.
GRIF:you need to loosen up. we got a good thing going here, i mean this is an easy gig. we need to make the most of it. you should question authority every now and then.
SIMMONS:what? i question authority.
GRIF:asking sarge "can we have more work," is not questioning authority.
SIMMONS:well grif, technically, that is a questi-
GRIF:stop it.
SIMMONS:besides, all you ever do is waste time.
GRIF:waste time? i make time. every second sarge spends arguing with me, is one second i don't have to do something stupid like, clean our guns 'er, whatever it is he's always making you do.
SIMMONS:you dumbass, we have to maintain our equipment. otherwise-
SARGE:gaw... ah, son of a bitch!
GRIF:see? that should keep him busy for at least like-
SARGE:simmons, grif! front and center!
GRIF:dammit.
SIMMONS:nice plan, jackass. clearly it's working flawlessly.
SARGE:hussle up, idiots!
SARGE:men, we've go a situation on our hands here.
GRIF:hey sarge? why do you always call us over when you wanna talk to us?
SARGE:what, you want me to write you a letter?
GRIF:no, i- i mean there's two of us. wouldn't it be more efficient for you to come to us? instead, we always have to c-
SARGE:shut up, grif.
GRIF:see, i just bought us ten more seconds before he can give us something to do.
SARGE:grif, can it!
GRIF:five more seconds.
SIMMONS:shut up.
GRIF:two more.
SARGE:we got a problem men. i'm trying to upgrade the warthog's weapon system.
SIMMONS:the weapon system?
SARGE:yes. as you'll recall, on our last mission we encountered that magnetic pulse thingie. so i thought we could upgrade the warthog to use that technology for a fancy new gun.
SIMMONS:you mean the pulse that knocked out our car and made it stall? that technology?
SARGE:yes.
SIMMONS:you wanna add that to the car, and activate it on a regular basis?
SARGE:mmhmm.
SIMMONS:specifically in battle.
SARGE:bingo bango.
SIMMONS:and you're sure that's a good idea.
SARGE:why wouldn't it be?
GRIF:don't listen to him sir, i think it's brilliant. the enemy'll never see it coming.
SIMMONS:that's because it won't be coming! it'll be shutting down every time we fire our primary weapon!
GRIF:like i said, brilliant.
SARGE:our problem is that we still don't have the power online in the base!
SIMMONS:right.
SARGE:so i'm forced to use only my hand tools. i can't get anything done like this.
SIMMONS:you want us to get the generators running so you can use your power tools?
SARGE:no! so i can use the radio to call lopez, have'm come do it for me.
GRIF:nice. wait, our radios work.
SIMMONS:not our helmet radios dumbass, the long range ones. the people who were here before us disabled them all.
SARGE:it seems to me that blue base is online...
SARGE:we need to get someone over there, see how they did it. simmons, that'll be you.
SIMMONS:why me?
SARGE:i don't think grif could possibly figure out how electricity works. i'm not even certain he knows what it is.
GRIF:the man's right, i have no idea.
SIMMONS:*sigh* whatever.
GRIF:no, seriously, i have no idea. i always thought it was some kind of invisible magic.
SIMMONS:shut up.
SARGE:oh, and see if you can figure out what they've been up to over there! they've been pretty quiet lately.
SIMMONS:fine.
GRIF:okay, great. now that he's gone, how 'bout we enjoy a little "us" time. kick back, make some margaritas-
SARGE:grif, i need you up on top of the base. see if you can figure out why ours isn't firing that blue boltamajiggy.
GRIF:*gulp* you mean, up there, by that airlift and, and the flag?
SARGE:no, i mean on top.
GRIF:um, do we have a ladder?
SARGE:oh, sure, an eight hundred foot ladder? of course not ya idiot! now get to shimmyin'.
SIMMONS:come in, sarge, come in. i can see blue base but there's noone around. there's some kind of light and it looks like somebody's working on somethin'. i'll have a look closer and see if i can find anyone but i don't think that there-
CABOOSE:hello.
SIMMONS:jesus! don't do that!
CABOOSE:hey simmons. uh, were you guys coming to attack me? uh, because i'm kinda busy right now. do you think you could attack me later maybe like uh, like next week?
SIMMONS:we're not attacking you, i'm just coming over to spy on you.
CABOOSE:oh, awesome.
SIMMONS:and figure out how you got your power turned on.
CABOOSE:oh, you mean the invisible magic, yeah. uh, you know it was already on when i got here. very convenient.
SIMMONS:and i'm also trying to figure out what you're doing.
CABOOSE:doing? nothing. there's no reason to do anything. why would i be doing something? i wouldn't, that's why. so i'm not.
SIMMONS:if you're not doing anything then why are you too busy?
CABOOSE:what?
SIMMONS:you just said we couldn't attack you right now because you were too busy.
CABOOSE:...i'm going to have to ask you to leave.
SIMMONS:why. you are doing something aren't you.
CABOOSE:ah- simmons, stop being nosy. do you want to lose all your spying privileges?
SARGE:come on, grif! hurry it up!
GRIF:hey, don't rush me! this is high! shouldn't i have on safety gear or something?
SARGE:you have armor, numbnuts! that's like having a helmet for your whole body. so stop complaining.
GRIF:no, i mean, shouldn't there be like a safety rope, or at least some railings?
SARGE:grif, use yer head! if we had a rope tied up there already, you could just climb up the rope! stop askin' dumb questions.
SIMMONS:hey, sarge.
SARGE:simmons, what did you find out?
SIMMONS:well, i know their base isn't running on brain power.
SARGE:excellent, that means grif can still be used as fuel once we get the generators turned on.
SIMMONS:caboose has no idea how their power works. he said it was already on when he got there.
SARGE:huh, favouritism. command always did like them best.
SIMMONS:he said he'd run us an extension cord if we could find one long enough.
SARGE:no way, not falling for that.
SIMMONS:hahhh, i had a feeling you wouldn't.
SARGE:he'd choose just the right moment to cut us off from a valuable resource!
SIMMONS:a resource we don't even have access to to begin with!
SARGE:that's exactly right. he wants to soften us up, and then yank the carpet out from under our feet! no way. besides, grif's on his way to figuring out this problem as we speak. heh heh.
SIMMONS:where is he, anyway?
SARGE:up there.
SIMMONS:whwhat? what's he doing up there?
GRIF:help me simmooons!
SARGE:i think that blue bolt has something to do with the power and ours isn't working.
GRIF:jesus chrihihihist!
SIMMONS:so why didn't you climb up there?
SARGE:me? afraid of heights. i mean allergic.
GRIF:everyone's afraid of heights!
SIMMONS:you have a fear of heights? didn't you used to jump out of ships in high orbit during the war?
SARGE:and how do you think i developed that fear? that shit was crazy.
GRIF:there's a bird up here fucking with me!
SARGE:quit makin' friends and get up there!
GRIF:shoo, shoo!
SIMMONS:sarge, why didn't you just let him use the ladder?
SARGE:oh right. i guess we didn't see that before he started up. my bad.
GRIF:god dammit!
SIMMONS:how could you miss something that big?
SARGE:well, what can i say, simmons. i guess you're a bit more observant than the rest of us.
SIMMONS:no kidding.
GRIF:okay, i made it! i'm at the top!
SARGE:whaddaya see?
GRIF:what!?
SARGE:what do you see?
GRIF:what do i see!? i see everything! because i'm at the top of the fucking world!
SARGE:can you see the port where to bolt comes out?
GRIF:yeah, it's right here! but i think it's blocked!
SARGE:what?
GRIF:it's blocked!
SARGE:what's blocking it?
GRIF:it looks like a bunch of pieces of a ship.
SARGE:... that's disgusting. who would climb all that way up there just to do that?
GRIF:i said shipuh!
SARGE:oh right.
SIMMONS:what kind of ship is it?
GRIF:how the fuck should i know? it's in a million pieces! what difference does it make?
SIMMONS:sorry! i'm just naturally curious.
GRIF:i'm gonna spit on you simmons!
SARGE:what do you think, simmons?
SIMMONS:mm, it's really hard to say without seeing it, but i guess he could try to clear the blockage. i'm a little concerned though. if he clears it and that bolt goes off, it could kill him.
SARGE:that's an excellent thought. and what was the concern you said you had?
SIMMONS:*sigh* nothing sir.
SARGE:alright then, let's get crackin'. kill two birds with one stone. but i'd settle for one bird and a grif. heh heh.
GRIF:i said shoo! you stupid fucking bird!
SARGE:hey grif, we're gonna need you to clear that blockage!
GRIF:how!? these pieces are huge! how'm i supposed to lift them?
SARGE:well, they do say people in emotional situations can sometimes get superhuman strength!
GRIF:yeah? well what about people in situations where they really don't give a fuck!? what kinda powers do they get!?
SARGE:grif!
SIMMONS:if you can't lift it, just try clearing it with a grenade!
GRIF:um, is that safe!?
SIMMONS:none of this is safe, you're gonna start analyzing now!?
SARGE:here grif, take one o' mine!
SIMMONS:sarge, you pulled the pin out!
SARGE:of course i did. who throws a grenade with the pin still in it? hey grif, catch this one!
GRIF:no! i'm not catching those!
SARGE:dammit, i can't reach.
SIMMONS:ack! cut it out!
GRIF:yeah! let me get back to work up here!
SARGE:you catch that one?
GRIF:okay, here we go.
GRIF:oh, shit. uh, where do i go when the grande explo-
SIMMONS:oh no, he's falling!
SARGE:i see that.
SIMMONS:should we try to catch him?
SARGE:catch him? hell no, he'll crush us.
SIMMONS:what do we do?
SARGE:i got an idea, let's act like we're gonna catch him, and then we don't. that's a win-win.
SIMMONS:you used to jump out of ships, give him some advice.
SARGE:oh right. grif, you should never join that unit! the pay is terrible and the offices are totally disorganized.
SIMMONS:advice on how to land!
SARGE:oh right. well grif, what you wanna do is-
SARGE:try to tuck and roll at the last second. that will transfer your momentum to inertia, and invert your curb-splat probability.
SIMMONS:hey, sarge?
SARGE:yeah?
SIMMONS:i think he's down already.
SARGE:oh right.
GRIF:ow.
SARGE:heh heh. simmons you are observant.
CABOOSE:there you are.
SARGE:hot ham and cheese, the power's back on.
SIMMONS:um, i think grif is broken, sir.
SARGE:sad. i always thought i would be the cause of grif's death. ah well fuck it.
SIMMONS:yeah, fuck it.
SARGE:let's call lopez, and tell him we've got power. robots love that stuff.
SIMMONS:and oil.
SARGE:stop helping me.
SARGE:come in lopez, seor lopez, come in. this is sargeant-
LOPEZ:hola. esta es barranco de la sangre. discurso de lopez.
CAPTION:hello? this is blood gulch canyon, lopez speaking.
SARGE:lopez, it's sarge. que paso. whatya doin'? ...lopez?
LOPEZ:uh, me disculpo, no puedo utilizar el telfono. deja por favor un mensaje...
CAPTION:uhhh... sorry i couldn't come to the phone. please leave me a message and i'll...
SARGE:eh, heh heh. lopez, you old kidder. cut it out.
LOPEZ:...le llamar des tras.
CAPTION:...call you back as soon as i am able.
SARGE:haha, seriously program, disable lying mode voice verification bravo niner.
LOPEZ:commando acceptado.
CAPTION:command accepted...
LOPEZ:qu usted tiene?
CAPTION:ok. what do you want?
SARGE:i need you at the new base on the double.
LOPEZ:por qu?
CAPTION:why?
SARGE:we got power. need your help building something awesome. you busy?
LOPEZ:no. acabo de matar a esa muchacha encima a la base azul.
CAPTION:actually. not really. i just killed that girl over at blue base. so i'm all wrapped up here.
LOPEZ:ganamos a propsito.
CAPTION:we won by the way.
SARGE:great! hey simmons, we won blood gulch.
SIMMONS:oh, cool. suck it blue.
SARGE:oh, and tell grif his sister's dead.
SIMMONS:yes sir! wait, what?
LOPEZ:ok. estoy viniendo.
CAPTION:ok i guess i can be right there.
SARGE:great, we'll see you soon. i'll forward you some blueprints of what we've been workin' on.
GRIF:(weakly) what happened?
SARGE:grif, you're awake, good. lopez is coming here, i need you to stay out of the way.
GRIF:uh, can do.
SARGE:simmons, you check the base, make sure everything is online. lopez is going to need all the power he can get.
SIMMONS:on it sir.
SARGE:lopez, you get in the base, start workin' on the plans i sent you.
LOPEZ:s.
SIMMONS:wow, he got here fast.
SARGE:oh and uh, grif, one more thing. you might wanna sit down.
GRIF:i can't sit, i think both my kneecaps are shattered.
SARGE:oh, well in that case, simmons, you'd better be prepared to catch him. he'll probably faint when i tell him his sister's dead.
GRIF:my sister is dead?
SARGE:oh, you already know! good. i was worried 'bout how to break the news to you. that could've been awkward.
GRIF:no way. not true.
SARGE:lopez told us himself.
GRIF:yeah right.
SIMMONS:you don't believe it?
GRIF:i'll tell you what, you produce a corpse, i'll believe it.
SIMMONS:huh?
GRIF:listen, once when we were kids, we went ice skating, and she fell through the ice. she was under there for three hours, and when they pulled her out, not only was she still alive, she was pregnant. if you can explain that to me, i'll believe you when you tell me she's dead.
SARGE:hhhh, i wouldn't even know how to-
LOPEZ:hecho.
CAPTION:done.
SARGE:hot damn, lopez is done already. did you finish the-
LOPEZ:s.
CAPTION:yes.
SARGE:well what about the-
LOPEZ:s.
CAPTION:yes.
SARGE:and also the-
LOPEZ:me hacen. esa significa que hice todo.
CAPTION:i am done. that means i did everything.
SARGE:caliente daminito, let's go check it out.
LOPEZ:est aqui.
CAPTION:it's over here.
LOPEZ:prensa abajo
CAPTION:just hit the down button.
GRIF:you installed an elevator?
LOPEZ:por supuesto.
CAPTION:of course.
LOPEZ:introduzco su cdigo. ponga su mano all.
CAPTION:now enter your personalized key code. put your hand on the scanner.
LOPEZ:d vuelta a esa rueda.
CAPTION:now turn that crank.
SARGE:which one, this one?
LOPEZ:no. la rueda media.
CAPTION:no. the third one down. fifth one over.
SARGE:ah, okay.
GRIF:how did he build all of this?
SARGE:i told ya, he just needed power tools.
LOPEZ:prense su botn cuando empujo los mos.
CAPTION:now, push your button when i push mine.
SARGE:at the same time?
LOPEZ:s.
CAPTION:yes.
SARGE:you wanna do it like on three or like, three and then go?
LOPEZ:apenas agarro!
CAPTION:just push it!
SARGE:okay.
LOPEZ:esto es el.
CAPTION:here we are.
GRIF:what the fuck?
SIMMONS:what the hell is all this?
SARGE:as you know, i've been working on developing a new version of our warthog. so i had lopez here build an underground holographically powered simulation room. this is going to allow us, to test the final concepts of my car design. now check it.
GRIF:okay. now that was pretty cool.
SARGE:thank you.
SIMMONS:hey wait a second, so you built an entire chamber, capable of running holographic simulations, rather than just build the car itself? that doesn't seem very efficient to me.
SARGE:simmons, sometimes you just gotta go for style points. hoo-ah.
SARGE:now this is more like it! great job on the simulator lopez! and good work on the power simmons.
SIMMONS:thank you sir.
GRIF:simmons? i'm the one that was almost killed just so you could get the electricity back on.
SARGE:yep, but it was worth it.
GRIF:you say that every time i'm almost killed.
SIMMONS:sarge, grif was spying on the blues and they captured him!
SARGE:what did you find out, are they planning something?
SIMMONS:no, they were just standing around talking like always, but now they're gonna kill him!
SARGE:well, it was worth it.
SARGE:the base looks so clean, simmons! excellent work.
SIMMONS:yeah, too bad grif was almost killed by his allergic reaction to the cleaning supplies.
SARGE:it was worth it.
SARGE:...worth it.
SARGE:only because it's always true. there's very few tasks that wouldn't balance out by you making the ultimate sacrifice.
SIMMONS:and at least this time we got something out of it: we got power, and a new weapon.
SARGE:let's test this bad boy out.
GRIF:whoa, wait a second, does this hologram jeep fire hologram slugs, or real slugs?
SARGE:as long as we're in this room everything will seem real to us. it's all simulated, but your mind makes it real.
SIMMONS:ooh, like the matrix.
LOPEZ:s. sin toda la filosifa del este.
CAPTION:right. but without all the eastern philosophy stuff that no one understands.
GRIF:alright, fuck this then, i'm gonna go stand over there.
SARGE:well guess what, dirtbag, i don't need you for target practice any more. i've got my own holo-grif programmed in to the system already.
HOLOGRIF:hello, i am literally the worst program ever made.
SIMMONS:sounds like someone hasn't used google chrome.
SARGE:locked and loaded, ready to fire at the bloated. grif- i mean fake grif. go stand over there.
HOLOGRIF:cool. whatever.
SARGE:this is a magnetized propulsion system. it can fire massive slugs at an outrageous velocity. check it out.
HOLOGRIF:blarg, i deserve it!
SARGE:heh heh heh. see? how awesome is that?
SIMMONS:wow!
SARGE:and in ten short seconds, it'll be ready to fire again.
SIMMONS:that's incredible! wait a minute.
SARGE:lopez, spawn me another holo-grif on the pronto!
LOPEZ:s.
GRIF:did you guys see that?
SARGE:shut up, real grif. we're doin' important research over here. hey simmons, check this out. i'm gonna shoot the next one in the hoohoo.
HOLOGRIF:oh hey guys, what's going on in thi-
CABOOSE:finally, we're alll here. now we can be together. forever.
SARGE:alright! lopez, another holo-grif.
LOPEZ:esta cosa hace otras blancos....
CAPTION:this thing makes other targets you know....
SARGE:ah, let's stick to the fundamentals.
SIMMONS:okay sarge, do you mean to tell me that this thing fires only once every ten seconds?
SARGE:yep, it's state of the art.
HOLOGRIF:let's get this over with.
SIMMONS:but our last weapon fired ten thousand rounds per second!
SARGE:mmhmm, if my math is right, and i think it is, that seems like more than this one.
SIMMONS:yes. it is.
SARGE:how much more would you say?
SIMMONS:well, the chengo was ten thousand rounds per second, and this would be point-one of a round per second. so yeah, it was.
SARGE:hm. does seem to be lacking a bit in the rapid-fire department.
GRIF:i know i'm not crazy, i just saw something red.
SARGE:oh well, a good craftsman never blames his tools.
SIMMONS:but, we made the tool in this case. can we blame the craftsman?
SARGE:no simmons, you and the gun are just gonna have to agree to disagree.
SIMMONS:let me take a look. maybe i can figure out a way to increase the rate of fire.
SARGE:and maybe lopez can find a way to produce grifs faster!
LOPEZ:hace otras blancos!
CAPTION:it makes other things!
GRIF:guys seriously, i know i saw something.
GRIF:aha, see? look, this one's weird, it's all light red instead of orange.
SARGE:no, grif, i'm sure it isn't.
SIMMONS:you're probably still hallucinating from the charge you took.
GRIF:yeah i don't think so, look.
SARGE:grif, we're busy! you and donut shut up and stop distracting us.
GRIF:but i- ...donut!?
DONUT:(breathy) water...
GRIF:hyaaah... donut?
SIMMONS:donut?
GRIF:where the hell did you come from?
DONUT:water.
GRIF:you came from the water?
DONUT:water.
GRIF:i didn't even know you could swim.
DONUT:grif- he needs help. it's under, the sand. find him.
GRIF:oh boy, that sounds like something that's gonna keep us busy for a few months.
SARGE:holy mamma mia donut! where's he been?
SIMMONS:donut! grif, what did he say?
GRIF:hm? who him? oh, uh he just said he wanted some water.
SIMMONS:that's it?
GRIF:yeah, uh just the water thing, uh... oh also that he really missed everyone.
SARGE:why don't i believe you?
GRIF:um, he also said he liked the new jeep?
SARGE:hot damn, i always knew that kid had style.
SARGE:gentlemen. as i'm sure you know, today is a special day. thanksgiving.
GRIF:awesome! when do we eat?
SARGE:i thought that since today is an honored tradition, it would be appropriate to recreate the spirit of that original momentous day.
GRIF:okay, we get it, less talking more eating.
SARGE:unfortunately it's been almost a thousand years now since the first thanksgiving, so some of the little details have been lost to history.
GRIF:yeah, okay. now can we eat!?
SARGE:but using the power of the internet, i was able to read a bunch of historical documents on the holiday, which for some reason were all authored by first-graders, and accompanied by drawings of their favourite thanksgiving day food: severed human hands, that have been coloured and dressed to look like birds.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:okay, uh, i'm not hungry any more?
SIMMONS:saaarge, people didn't eat hands, they ate turkey. little kids just drew turkeys by tracing their fingers.
GRIF:where did he get the hands?
SARGE:why would they do that? turkeys look nothin' like hands!
SIMMONS:because they're kids. i don't know, their teacher probably told them to do it.
GRIF:seriously, where did he get the hands?
SARGE:well that's just ridiculous! why would a teacher tell them that? hand-shaped turkeys; it's no wonder we lost the literacy wars!
GRIF:where did he get the hands!?
SARGE:i'll bet all their other historical documents are wrong too.
SIMMONS:you mean your online six year old historians might be wrong? yeah, you might want to fact-check. what did they say?
SARGE:i found another historian who said thanksgiving was the day when all the pokemons taught the jedis how to grow crops.
SIMMONS:no. thanksgiving's the day the settlers and natives sat down at a table and shared a harvest meal together. that's why i took the liberty of inviting our mortal enemies, the blues, to sit down with us today.
CABOOSE:hello.
SIMMONS:or just, the blue. since there's only one of them left.
SARGE:heh heh. excellent plan, simmons. invite 'em to dinner, then shoot 'em in the back. classic holiday gotcha.
SIMMONS:sarge, that's not the spirit of thanksgiving. well, you know not until years later at least.
SARGE:no shooting in the back? worst. dinner party. ever.
SIMMONS:we all brought dishes from our culture. sarge, you brought your... awful, hand thing-
CABOOSE:oh man i totally love those.
SIMMONS:grif you brought ...individually wrapped snack cakes and cheese dip.
GRIF:the traditional fare of my people.
SIMMONS:and, i prepared a customary native american meal of: maize. yum.
GRIF:awesome! what's maize?
SIMMONS:it's like corn-
GRIF:yes!
SIMMONS:but totally inedible.
GRIF:dammit. wait, that means un-eatable, right?
SIMMONS:yes.
GRIF:dammit.
SIMMONS:what did you bring caboose?
CABOOSE:i brought my grandmother's famous hair pie!
SARGE:hubuwyuguh- huh?
CABOOSE:my grandmother said her hair pie, was a huge hit with the soldiers, so i knew that it would be perfect for today.
GRIF:that's not- what?
CABOOSE:when she was in college, she would give it to all the soldiers returning from war, and they loved it! it made her the most popular girl in town! she never told me the recipe though, so i had to make some guestimates.
SARGE:son i think we need to have a talk about the culinary arts. and probably some other stuff that you should already know about.
CABOOSE:okay i love talking.
SIMMONS:(sigh) look at them together. that's the true thanksgiving spirit.
GRIF:i think i'm gonna go lie down, and then throw up.
SIMMONS:which is also, another big part of thanksgiving. way to go, grif.
CABOOSE:i dreampt about that the other night.
SARGE:(inaudible)
CABOOSE:what!? grandma, no!
SARGE:and don't even get me started on the gobble gobble.
SOMEBODY:hi, i'm somebody from the popular webseries red vs blue.
CABOOSE:i'm comic relief!
SOMEBODY:blah blah valentine's day blah blah grif's probably inbred.
GRIF:dick.
SIMMONS:yes?
DONUT:something predictable.
CABOOSE:something equally predictable.
CHURCH:i want to kill you all. today.
CABOOSE:and that's the true meaning of valentine's day.
GRIF:fag.
CABOOSE:oh boo hoo.
GRIF:hey what's wrong with you caboose?
CABOOSE:what. nothing.
GRIF:come on, we've been shooting at you for like twenty minutes, and you haven't run away screaming once.
CABOOSE:*sigh*
GRIF:it's just not like you.
CABOOSE:i'm sad.
GRIF:sad?
CABOOSE:i know. it's just... do you know what today is?
GRIF:absolutely no clue. what day comes after yesterday?
CABOOSE:it's valentine's day.
GRIF:it is?
SIMMONS:hey, what's going on up here!?
GRIF:caboose is in a depression.
SIMMONS:it's called a foxhole you idiot. haven't you learned any military terms yet?
GRIF:no, i mean he's depressed.
CABOOSE:*moaning sigh*
GRIF:see?
SIMMONS:sad? who gives a fuck, we're trying to kill him. let him be sad when he's dead. hey, you, stop having feelings.
GRIF:apparently he's upset because it's valentine's day.
SIMMONS:it's what?
GRIF:valentine's day. valentine's day? the day we celebrate love? and romance? you know, girls?
SIMMONS:oh, oh- oh yeah, right, yeah, duh, i totally know about that day. i celebrate that day all the time. with all kinds of ladies.
GRIF:you don't have to try and impress me.
SIMMONS:oh you just don't know any of them and uh, i didn't talk about it because you know, that wouldn't be cool.
GRIF:yeah i'm sure. so why didn't you know what valentine's day was?
SIMMONS:oh i just didn't understand what you said.
GRIF:well what'd you think i said?
SIMMONS:valentine's... doy?
GRIF:ah yeah, i can see how that would throw you off.
CABOOSE:boo hoo hoo.
GRIF:oh come on, man.
CABOOSE:i'm all alone now. church was always my valentine.
GRIF:why don't i believe that?
CABOOSE:it's true. we had a tradition.
CABOOSE:hey, church. happy valentine-
CABOOSE:church. would you be my-
CABOOSE:hey church, agent washington. nice weather.
CABOOSE:i wonder if we'll find all those mean computer people today.
CABOOSE:you know, because, today would be a great day to find them since today is-
CABOOSE:i miss him so much!
GRIF:well you probably shouldn't.
CABOOSE:he loved me!
SIMMONS:yeah, i have no idea why you'd think that.
CABOOSE:if he didn't love me, then why on every valentine's day did he give me my very own heart?
GRIF:that was your heart! after he pulled it out of your chest! don't you remember? it would always take doc hours to sew it back in.
SIMMONS:man, he used to bitch about that so much.
CABOOSE:and now it feels like it's been ripped out again but you know more symbolically this time, instead of like the regular way.
SIMMONS:would you feel better if we made fun of you and called you names?
CABOOSE:would you mind?
SIMMONS:not at all, you stupid fucking shithead.
CABOOSE:thanks guys. you're the best.
SARGE:attention blue team! this is the red team! we are here to destroy you! your long reign of being the shittiest team around is about to come to a sudden and cataclysmic end! we will give you a few moments to soak in the horror of this announcement, and then return for your reaction. be right back!
SARGE:heh heh, alright, that oughta scare the bejeezus out of them.
SIMMONS:actually sir, since it's just one of them over there-
GRIF:and the one is an idiot?
SIMMONS:i don't really see the point in the psychological warfare.
SARGE:you're right, simmons, it's not really accurate to refer to one person as a team. what's better, blue person? blue man? blutonian?
SIMMONS:what i meant was-
SARGE:bluetard.
SIMMONS:...what i meant was, i don't see the point in announcing to him that we're gonna attack, why don't we just do it?
SARGE:there's an order to this, simmons. we can't abandon protocol just because we have an advantage. we have to give him a chance to see the errors of his blue ways. to lay down his arms and meet us as felllow men at the table of peace, where we can work together towards a better world: a world that's better, because we poisoned his food at that table, and stabbed him in the eye with a fork. and taken all his stuff.
SIMMONS:dibs on the computers.
SARGE:noted. now watch that base, tell me if anything changes.
SIMMONS:yes sir. and sir?
SARGE:yes simmons?
SIMMONS:i just want to say, i'm glad i was here to see you on your day of victory. it's been a long time coming.
SARGE:yes it has, hasn't it? my skills as a leader have really taken us far. it must have been quite an honor to serve with me. ahh. okay, glad we had this talk.
SIMMONS:are you glad i'm here too sarge?
SARGE:of course i am.
SIMMONS:i knew it. i just knew-
SARGE:a squad's kill/death ratio is the most important measurement when evaluating sergeants. if you had died, that would have hurt my numbers.
SIMMONS:*sniff* glad i could help.
SARGE:it's critical to keep a little padding in your stats. that way if we're far enough ahead, i can stab grif in the face, and still stay in the lead.
GRIF:you know, i'm standing right here.
SARGE:right where i want you! within face stabbing range.
SARGE:lopez, how're those vehicle repairs coming?
LOPEZ:se destruye el jeep. el no ser fij.
CAPTION:coming? the jeep is destroyed. it can't be fixed.
SARGE:got an eta?
LOPEZ:si. nunca.
CAPTION:yes. never.
SARGE:well as long as i get it asap. 'cause i need it pdq.
LOPEZ:entonces, nunca menos uno.
CAPTION:in that case, never minus one.
SARGE:lopez, you're a regular rfr. really fast robot. grif, make a note in the acronym journal. simmons, status report!
SIMMONS:still just one blue, sir.
SARGE:lopez, status report!
LOPEZ:djeme solo!
CAPTION:you already talked to me, jackass!
SARGE:hey blue! don't think we've forgotten aboutcha! still gonna kill you any second! count on it!
GRIF:sarge, have you thought this invasion all the way through?
SARGE:of course i have. we beat the blues, we win, you suck. that's the whole way through.
GRIF:euh, and who do we fight then?
SARGE:we fight! r- other blues.
GRIF:but what if no more blues come, i mean they haven't sent reinforcements yet. what if they never do?
SIMMONS:why would you want more blues?
GRIF:well, we have this new base and all this new equipment, who else are we gonna test it on?
SIMMONS:who cares? the war would be over!
GRIF:oh, great.
SARGE:you're suggesting we don't attack them? grif, that's borderline traitorism!
SIMMONS:i think the word you're looking for, is 'treason,' sir.
GRIF:never mind sarge, i was wrong, if the war's over and we win, well that's just great.
SARGE:of course it would be.
GRIF:i mean no more early morning runs, no more training exercises, why would we need to do any of that stuff, right? we won!
SARGE:right...
GRIF:and all of this new equipment, we can just let it fall in to disrepair. i mean we don't need it. we won't even need to test it, because we're winning: we're about to make it all obsolete.
SARGE:huhhhhh.
GRIF:and just think about this sarge, no more boring staff meetings, ever.
SARGE:uh huh? hey blue! there's uh gonna be a slight delay in your destruction. hang tight! maybe i should call our new command. they'll tell us what we should do.
GRIF:hyeah, the old one was so great, the new one's gotta be even better.
SARGE:command, come in command.
SARGE:this is blood gulch outpost- er, wait, i mean, simmons, what's the name of this place again?
SIMMONS:valhalla.
SARGE:vahaldaget, jangocaulit- thingie. outpost number one! do you read? come in, i need advisement on what to do about blue team!
SIMMONS:what are you doing?
GRIF:what do you mean what am i doing? we have one enemy here, we can milk this for years.
SARGE:no, blue team. blue.
GRIF:if we beat him, command will just send us to some new base, where we have to fight a real team.
SIMMONS:so?
GRIF:so?! do you wanna fight one shitty enemy, or five real enemies?
SARGE:bee el you ee. blue. try lookin' under 'suck it.'
GRIF:you want me to help you subtract one from five? i know that's tough for you.
SIMMONS:shut up.
CABOOSE:hey guys.
SIMMONS:what are you doing here?
CABOOSE:just getting parts from the crashed ship. what are you guys up to?
GRIF:we're deciding whether or not to kill you and wipe out your team forever.
CABOOSE:ah. that's tough.
GRIF:we're kinda split on the decision right now.
CABOOSE:do i get a vote?
SIMMONS:no! get back to your base, stop wandering around during your defeat. it's confusing.
CABOOSE:oh, okay, sorry.
SIMMONS:and what are you working on!?
CABOOSE:still not telling you!
SARGE:hello, hello! hello? they hung up on me.
SIMMONS:why?
SARGE:they said that they didn't even have record of a blue team. nothing on blues at all on their computer system.
SIMMONS:oh. ohhhhh.
SARGE:what?
SIMMONS:we deleted them, remember? from command's computers. we wiped them out.
SARGE:we did?
SIMMONS:yeah, don't you remember?
SARGE:ah, right.
SARGE:simmons, execute the hypotenuse initiative, and delete the blues.
SIMMONS:done. the blues now never existed. i also upgraded your payscales while i was at it.
SARGE:well deserved.
GRIF:yeah, we win!
GRIF:blarg, i am dead. but that's okay, i don't deserve to enjoy victory. my life has meant nothing.
SARGE:what a great day! simmons, transform to motorcycle mode.
SIMMONS:(robotically) you got it sir. choop-choop-choop-choop-choop!
SIMMONS:beep beep.
SARGE:let's get outta here.
SARGE:yeee haw!
SIMMONS:that's not what happened.
SARGE:of course it is!
GRIF:then how am i still alive?
SARGE:i ask myself that question every day. moto-simmons! run him over.
CABOOSE:then there was the time we got a tank. at first no-one knew how to drive it but, then there was a big fight and my team got in trouble, so i talked to the tank. she was really nice, you're really gonna like her. anyways the team was in trouble, and i had to use the tank to drive out there and help them... well, help most of them. et- some of them. okay let's just say this, i drove the tank and some people got helped... and some other people didn't get helped. details aren't really important.
SARGE:grif, where the hell are ya? grif! grif? grif! come on.
GRIF:i'm in here!
SARGE:where are you? grif i need you.
GRIF:in here, in the base.
SARGE:i can't hear you. get out here.
GRIF:okay. damn, what is it?
SARGE:where's simmons?
GRIF:simmons, if you wanted simmons, why didn't you yell like a lunatic for simmons?
SARGE:dammit grif, i entrust you with one duty, and that's to know exactly where simmons is at all times so i can find him. simmons watches donut, donut watches me!
GRIF:yeah, who watches me?
SARGE:nobody. you move less than donut does. now where's simmons?
GRIF:i don't know, he's downstairs in your hologram simulatron, or whatever the hell you call it.
SARGE:excellent work, private grif.
GRIF:wow. thank you sir.
SARGE:i'm gonna recommend you for a big shiny medal.
GRIF:okay, you're being sarcastic right now aren't you.
SARGE:oh absolutely. wait, was your question sarcastic?
GRIF:who knows, probably? unless- wait, are you being sarcastic right now by asking that?
SARGE:...eu, maybe we should drop this conversation.
GRIF:yeah...
SARGE:what's simmons doin' downstairs?
GRIF:sorry, not in my job description!
SARGE:rrr, i'll ask him myself.
SARGE:simmons, there you are! i've been looking everywhere for you.
SIMMONS:really? sorry sir, i was just down here working on the jeep prototype. i know you really wanna see it built, and we need to work out a few bugs in the design.
SARGE:a few bugs?
SIMMONS:yeah, you know, like the fact it stalls every time we fire the magnetic cannon beam 'cause you based it on an e.m.p.
SARGE:oh right.
SIMMONS:kind of a critical flaw, if you don't mind me saying.
SARGE:oh, i don't mind you saying. feedback is important.
SIMMONS:it's just sometimes i feel bad criticizing your work. you know, because you're in charge and all.
SARGE:simmons, there's no reason to feel that way, you're a valuable member of the team. i always find your feedback to be both insightful, and appropriate.
SIMMONS:really?
SARGE:i know i can be gruff sometimes, but that's only because it's hard being the leader. you know, dealing with those dirty blues and that lousy grif character all the time.
SIMMONS:he is lazy sir.
SARGE:i don't mean to complain, but sometimes, i just need a friend. simmons, we've been working together a long time, i hope i can call you a friend. and that you can call me... the same.
SIMMONS:gosh sir, i don't know what to say. if it's okay with you, i would really like it if i could just call you dad.
SARGE:simmons, are you down here!?
SIMMONS:what- yes- i mean, yes, give me a second don't come in!
SARGE:what the hell are you doing?
SIMMONS:nothing, i was just working on your jeep design and-
SARGE:what? stay away from my jeep. it's perfect! you'll just mess it up!
SIMMONS:yes sir.
SARGE:and who were you talking to?
SIMMONS:heuh...
SIMMONS:nobody.
SARGE:well get upstairs on the pronto. we need to have a meeting, and i need someone to agree with me.
SIMMONS:do you want to brief me on the details first, so i know what i'll be agreeing to?
SARGE:oh yeah, i'll get right on that. send you a memo.
SIMMONS:really? because i've been working on a template, and i think it's ready to-
SARGE:no, of course not! why the hell would i do that? what'd you get exposed to radiation or somethin' down here? (exiting down the hall) that boy's gone crazy.
SIMMONS:i like my digital life so much better than my stupid real life.
GRIF:i love boners!
SIMMONS:shut up fake grif.
SARGE:finally. maybe now we can get started.
GRIF:what's your problem?
SIMMONS:nothing, leave me alone.
SARGE:men, as you know, the blues have been erased from command records, for some unknown reason.
SIMMONS:unknown sir? we're the ones that did it.
SARGE:you can't prove that.
SIMMONS:i think we can.
GRIF:prove it to who?
SIMMONS:because we're the ones that did it.
SARGE:allegedly.
SIMMONS:not allegedly: you told me to do it, and i did it.
SARGE:reportedly! let's not go accusing people and inviting law suit until we know the facts.
GRIF:who's gonna sue us? us? we're gonna- wait, are we gonna sue ourselves?
SARGE:i'm going to defer this conversation, to my legal team.
GRIF:so that means the staff meeting is over?
SARGE:no!
GRIF:why not?
SARGE:we have too much to discuss. isn't that right simmons?
SIMMONS:hhhh, absolutely sir. no-one has ever been more right than you.
GRIF:wow, someone's phoning it in.
SARGE:if the blues aren't in command's database, that means even if we destroy them in a resounding victory, it still won't count as a win. it's like we didn't even beat anybody.
GRIF:hey that's right, i never thought about that sir!
SIMMONS:meh. whatever.
SARGE:so that means, we can't kill the blues.
GRIF:exactly, because if we defeated them, it wouldn't even count. and that's the best part about winning a war, getting the points.
SARGE:bingo.
SIMMONS:no, why would we try to win? it's only what we're supposed to do.
SARGE:we need to find a way to get them back in the database first.
GRIF:so, your plan is to hold off our attack until our superior officers take notice of one of the teams in this canyon? and, notice them well enough to actually go out of their way to add them back in to the database? or, do anything at all in any way to formally recognize one of us in an official capacity?
SARGE:you got it.
GRIF:this is probably the single greatest plan i've ever heard in my entire life.
SIMMONS:you would think that, kiss-ass.
SARGE:simmons, can it! and thank you private- duowh, grif. pheua.
GRIF:you're- welcome? am i, saying that right?
SARGE:so, our first order of business should be to fortify our own team. get ready for the big battle. let's get donut back on his feet.
GRIF:hey, where's donut?
SARGE:simmons, where'd he go?
SIMMONS:how would i know?
SARGE:keeping track of donut is one of your duties.
GRIF:ooh hooh hooh- busted.
SIMMONS:neh who cares.
CABOOSE:and then there was the time we turned all of our armor black, because tex was captured. you remember her.i told you all about her. it was a crazy adventure. then there was another time when she helped us break in to o'malley's fortress. did i tell you that one already?
CABOOSE:hey! do you ever get the feeling that you're being watched by someone? ...donut, i'm asking you a question.
SARGE:come on men! lopez said donut went this way.
GRIF:are you sure that's what he said? i don't think pendejo was spanish for that way.
CABOOSE:muffinman!
DONUT:caboose! i have a message for church. weh, where is he?
CABOOSE:hey are you okay?
DONUT:just a little weak. where's church?
CABOOSE:church? oh, um, he's not here right now.
DONUT:where is he?
CABOOSE:uh, he's up- he that's kind of a- um, it turns out he was really a computer program based on some guy who ran the freelancer project and he went with agent washington he's a freelancer and destroyed all the other a.i.s that were left.
DONUT:...
CABOOSE:well almost all.
DONUT:how long was i asleep?
CABOOSE:not that long.
DONUT:listen, i don't know how long, i can stay awake. i need to get someone, on blue team, a message. i promised.
CABOOSE:i know people on the blue team. people on the inside. you can give it to me.
DONUT:tuck-
CABOOSE:tuck! you want me to tuck? what do you want me to tuck? wait, my mother told me never to tuck anything of anyone else's.
DONUT:tuckuhhhh-
CABOOSE:tucker?
DONUT:he needs, help. find him. it's in, the sand.
CABOOSE:it's in this and. this and what? donut this and what? what is 'this'? what what- your pocket? is tucker in your pocket? i remember him being a lot bigger. tucker! are you in there!?
SARGE:hey, anybody here? blue? where are ya?
CABOOSE:tucker, is that you? why did you shrink? and why are you talking like a pirate?
SARGE:helloooo.
CABOOSE:hello! yes i hear you!
SARGE:then get outside! i need to talk to you.
CABOOSE:out? ohhh, i see, i thou- man sometimes i am so dumb. hold on pocket tucker! someone outside wants to talk to me! donut, you can rest here, as long as you want. you must be tired from all of this and. and other stuff.
DONUT:nohh, it's not pink... it's lightish red. hey sarge, i should totally get a jetpack. or a motorcycle.
CABOOSE:hey guys. great to see you. wait- unless you're here to blow me up. then, not so great.
SARGE:we're lookin' for something we've uh, uuu lost.
CABOOSE:is it the keys to your base? i do that a lot. but it's really easy to break in, because... there are no doors.
SARGE:no, we're lookin' for something else. but i'm not gonna tell you what it is and give you some kind of advantage.
CABOOSE:can you describe it?
GRIF:yeah, it's pink-
SIMMONS:it's annoying-
SARGE:has kind of a spring in its step-
CABOOSE:oh, you mean donut.
SARGE:ah, yes! where is he?
CABOOSE:he's in my base. he'll be staying with me for a little while.
SARGE:you've captured him? diabolical. what're you doing with him?
CABOOSE:don't worry, he's resting. comftorbubly.
GRIF:ooh, that sounds ominous, don't back down now sir.
SARGE:give him back.
CABOOSE:actually there's some things he needs to tell me. i'll send him home after that.
SARGE:squeezin' him for information, eh?
SIMMONS:sarge, i don't think that he's-
CABOOSE:hey- no-one is squeezing anybody. i was just working with my tools and he-
SARGE:torture!? you ungodly fiend! he won't give you any info. he'll die before he reveals anything. hear that donut!? you'll die before you talk! we all know that, keep up the good work.
CABOOSE:actually he already told me the beginning part.
SARGE:he told you about our secret new vehicle? dammit donut you idiot.
SIMMONS:sarge!
CABOOSE:he told me about- this and.
SARGE:he told you about that, and our new hologram chamber? donut, put a lid on it!
SIMMONS:sarge! (sigh), i'm gonna go sleep under a tree. come wake me up when the brain summit is over.
GRIF:are you kidding? i hope this lasts forever. psst- hey sarge, maybe there's a ransom.
SARGE:good thinking. what is it you want, blue?
CABOOSE:what do i want? do you have any cookies?
SARGE:what are your demands? you have to give us your demands.
CABOOSE:i demand cookies!
SARGE:now you're just toying with us. yer depravity knows no bounds!
GRIF:yeah!
CABOOSE:well at least i don't go around, knocking on people's non-doors, and promising them cookies, and then, not giving them cookies! i'm leaving!
SARGE:wait!
GRIF:hmm, looks like negotiations have broken down. should we call in a nuke strike?
SARGE:negative, we've got a man in there. well, you know, donut.
DONUT:ow, that hurt!
SARGE:aw, listen to that! he's killin' him in there!
CABOOSE:oops! sorry donut. didn't mean to step on your head like that. are you okay.
DONUT:h-h, what happened? who was that?
CABOOSE:oh that was your team, they're playing some kind of prank. offering snacks and then not giving snacks.
DONUT:i hate when they do that. who was it?
CABOOSE:oh it was red sergeant and grif. they were working together while simmons was laying under a tree being lazy.
DONUT:what the- how long was i asleep this time?
SARGE:donut, just don't tell him we have lopez back!
COUNSELLOR:private donut, we want to debrief you now that your tour in blood gulch is over.
DONUT:great! wait, over?
COUNSELLOR:i'm just going to ask you some, standard questions to rate your experience, and i will be filling out a form based on your responses. do you understand?
DONUT:yes sir.
COUNSELLOR:alright, then let's begin. during your deployment you were assigned to the red team, is that correct?
DONUT:that's right! you can tell by my lightish red armor.
COUNSELLOR:i'm, a bit confused. by 'lightish red,' do you mean pink?
DONUT:no, i mean lightish red.
COUNSELLOR:... let's come back to this during the free form period.
DONUT:okeedoke.
COUNSELLOR:now, as to your experience in blood gulch, would you say it was 'satisfactory,' 'somewhat satisfactory,' or 'unsatisfactory?'
DONUT:i would sayyyy... satisfactory.
COUNSELLOR:alright, now i want you to look at this picture.
DONUT:oh, hey, i know where that is.
COUNSELLOR:which of the following best describes this picture? would you say it is a) the new location where your team was assigned, b) the source of a mysterious energy reading, or c) -
DONUT:that's just where we landed.
COUNSELLOR:where you landed. can you elaborate?
DONUT:yeah, we were defusing a bomb by this guy omega, but then the bomb went off and it was such a huge explosion, that it totally threw us in to the future and we landed there in that place.
COUNSELLOR:i'm not sure i understand. the future?
DONUT:sarge said that since we were surrounded by ice when the bomb went off, and then it was all sand, the ice age must have ended, and that would have taken a reeeally long time. so, it must have pushed us in to the future.
COUNSELLOR:i, don't have a checkbox for that. so i'm just going to write down 'other.'
DONUT:yeah, other works. i like other.
COUNSELLOR:well, i suppose there's no reason to ask the rest of our questions. thank you for a very, enlightening interview.
DONUT:so, then after that, they transferred me to that new base. i guess we left before we were supposed to do what they wanted us to.
CABOOSE:that's a pretty crazy story donut.
DONUT:but when i got there, all i found was a distress beacon from tucker. it said to get church; i think tucker was captured. there was somethin' there. somethin' scary.
CABOOSE:that sounds scary.
DONUT:yeah. hey, that thing sure makes a racket.
CABOOSE:who epsilon? yeah, it does that when you talk to it. it loves when people tell it stories. especially about things, that have happened to us, and, and people we've met.
DONUT:you've been telling it stories?
CABOOSE:yeah you know, to the best of my memory.
DONUT:the best of your memory?
CABOOSE:yeah.
DONUT:i bet those are some pretty weird stories. so, what is it?
CABOOSE:oh, it's a memory component from a bigger a.i. that a bunch of scientists wanted to copy to make more but they couldn't. so they drove it crazy until it developed a split personality and, then they harvested all the different personalities for their experiments. you know.
DONUT:pretty weird.
CABOOSE:i'm using it, and parts from tex's body, parts from sheila to make a new super best friend... but it's not going so well. i lit myself on fire.
DONUT:where did you get it?
CABOOSE:we went on a big adventure- kind of like your adventure in that we needed help kind of like you need help. and then we needed some help and we got help from somebody. it was very helpful.
DONUT:well, could the person who helped you help us now?
CABOOSE:ooooh. oh?
WHITE DUDE:washington. got a call for you.
WASHINGTON:a call for me... who even knows i'm here?
WHITE DUDE:it came in on your personal secure channel. they routed it to us. you can, take it in here if you want.
WASHINGTON:thanks.
WHITE DUDE:three minutes.
WASHINGTON:what? oh, yeah. okay.
WASHINGTON:this is agent- uhm, this is washington. who's there?
CABOOSE:agent washington!
WASHINGTON:oh dear lord. caboose? how did you even find me?
CABOOSE:you are on my computer screen! i just looked at it!
WASHINGTON:no, i mean- never mind. what's going on, are you okay? i haven't heard anything about you.
CABOOSE:oh yeah, i'm good. how 'bout you?
WASHINGTON:all things considered, guess i should be glad to be alive.
CABOOSE:yeah. did you get a big medal for beating project freelancer?
WASHINGTON:yeah, sure. i've got a bunch more metal in my life now. how 'bout you?
CABOOSE:they gave us shiny new bases! the reds have their place, and i have my own place! it's kinda cool! i think i'm gonna get a drum set.
WASHINGTON:yeah- wait. seriously? you have a new base?
CABOOSE:well, it's not new new. they gave us the ones that were abandoned from project freelancer.
WASHINGTON:they gave you a base.
CABOOSE:what you didn't get a new base too?
WASHINGTON:no. no i didn't.
CABOOSE:well you can come here and share my base with me. oh, we need your help! can you come right away? can you come help us?
WASHINGTON:i don't think that's going to happen.
WHITE DUDE:alright washington, back in your cell.
WASHINGTON:guard, i need to see the commander. now.
WHITE DUDE:yeah right, why the hell would i let you do that?
WASHINGTON:because i think i've just found the missing piece to his puzzle.
CABOOSE:hello? hello, agent washington. are you there? ...hello? ...hello. ...hello. ...hello. ...hello.
DONUT:um, i think he hung up.
CABOOSE:no, i don't think so, i don't think he'd do anything like that hello? hello.
DONUT:okay, well, i think i'll just head back to my base. if you can think of anything to help me with that desert situation, just give me a ring.
CABOOSE:okay.
DONUT:you need any help with your frankenstein friend project?
CABOOSE:oh no but uh, if you see any mechanical parts laying around that, look friendly? would you save them for us.
DONUT:well sure. i could ask sarge if you can use his underground secret workshop. i heard the guys talking about it, it sounded cool.
CABOOSE:oh right, they mentioned that earlier when they came by to pick you up.
DONUT:he doesn't usually like letting the enemy use our equipment, but maybe i'll catch him in a good mood.
CABOOSE:oh, you could try killing the orange one first! that would probably put him in a great mood!
DONUT:yeah, that's a good idea and all, but we have all these rules against killing people from our own team.
CABOOSE:lame.
DONUT:tell me about it.
CABOOSE:no i don't think we have rules like that on blue team.
DONUT:man, our team sucks.
CABOOSE:oh, so that's how that works.
CABOOSE:secret underground workshop, huh? well, i have to try something. i don't seem to be very good about doing this on my own.
CABOOSE:oh right, now how did that even start!?
SARGE:men with donut captured, i think we should abandon our previous plan of not attacking the blues, and institute a new plan, of attacking the blues.
SIMMONS:good.
SARGE:winning a war is one thing, but having a man captured is quite another. i can't stand by knowing we've left a man behind. so i need a volunteer to run a suicide rescue mission. this won't be easy. and you're almost certain to die.
GRIF:why are you looking at me when you say that?
SARGE:thanks for volunteering grif. now the plan is to run straight at blue base, grab donut, and carry him home over your shoulder. even if he's not hurt. that way when the blues track you down and kill ya, donut will still have fresh legs to run home and avoid recapture.
SIMMONS:uhm, sir?
SARGE:quiet simmons! you've been too unreliable lately for a suicide mission. i think i need to go with a pro.
GRIF:gee thanks sir.
SARGE:just get him back here, i can't stand donut being captured another minute.
DONUT:aw, that's sweet sarge, thank you.
SARGE:what the-
GRIF:mission accomplished sir.
SARGE:excellent work, private grif.
GRIF:thanks sir. request permission to go awol for a few months?
SARGE:permission denied.
GRIF:meh, had to try.
SARGE:donut, you're back. are you okay? you look fine to me.
DONUT:i do? wehell, i did switch to a new armor polish recently. thanks for noticing sarge.
SARGE:no, i mean they didn't hurt ya.
DONUT:hurt me? oh no, not at all. and it's not a 'them' over there, it's only a 'him.' they only have one guy now.
SARGE:just one soldier, eh? that seems like it could be a tactical advantage.
SIMMONS:we already knew that.
SARGE:and now it's confirmed.
GRIF:permission to switch simmons to the blue team sir?
SARGE:permission denied.
GRIF:nuh, had to try.
SIMMONS:fuck it, i'm gonna go help lopez with the jeep.
SARGE:okay donut, i want as much information as possible. let's get you debriefed.
DONUT:that sounds like fun. boy, things have really changed around here.
SARGE:that's not what i meant!
CABOOSE:okay epsilon, let's get in there. and try to stay quiet. it's sneaking time.
SIMMONS:no no- that one goes there, this one goes here.
LOPEZ:ese agujero es el rededor como su boca gorda grande.
SIMMONS:here just let me do it, give me your wrench.
LOPEZ:esta es un martillo idiota.
CAPTION:this is a hammer you fucking idiot.
CABOOSE:i am sneaking i am sneaking-
SARGE:did you tell him anything?
DONUT:not really. it seems like they had most of the information anyway.
SARGE:what?
DONUT:yeah, i was actually surprised by how much information he had gathered about our weapons and facilities.
SARGE:we've got a leak! grif, find out who's been gabbin'.
CABOOSE:sneaking sneaking sneaking.
SARGE:grif, can you find the leak or not?
CABOOSE:oh- what was that?
GRIF:i'll get right on that sir. i'm sure the leak is someone very close to us. specifically, someone very nearby me.
CABOOSE:put that thing here, this room is boring boring boring. boring. boring boring, boring.
CABOOSE:epsilon shush. ...epsilon, seriously, stop it. they're going to hear you.
CABOOSE:it's you.
CABOOSE:it's you!
DELTA:hello caboose. it seems fitting to say that it is good to see you again. although, technically, that is untrue.
CABOOSE:delta! i thought you were gone. i thought you were erased in the e- electronic thing whose name some people have trouble remembering.
DELTA:actually, this is not delta. we simply felt that you would be most comfortable speaking to delta.
CABOOSE:we?
DELTA:yes, epsilon strongly remembers all the other a.i. fragments. when alpha went insane, epsilon carried the burden of those memories. we can appear as anyone. in this case, delta. who, from your stories, was a trusted source of information for you. therefor, we felt it best to take his likeness, for this conversation.
CABOOSE:oh. that makes sense.
DELTA:yes, we felt you would say that.
CABOOSE:so you can, appear as anyone?
DELTA:theoretically, yes. anyone in our memory banks.
CABOOSE:what about a chair?
DELTA:if you felt that was fitting. the holographic technology in this room allows us to project ourselves in any manner. it is surprisingly advanced.
CABOOSE:how about a giraffe.
DELTA:look, let's just say we can look like many different things, and just leave it at that. okay?
CABOOSE:okay.
DELTA:we regret that we will not be able to appear to you or communicate with you outside of this room. so you must listen carefully.
CABOOSE:...
DELTA:caboose. did you understand what i-
CABOOSE:i am listening carefully.
DELTA:alright, it can be hard to tell. caboose, we need you to find a way to help us. washington said, when epsilon was recovered, that our memories could be used to punish the people who tortured alpha.
CABOOSE:okay.
DELTA:washington will not trust us, and our new recent attempts to build a new body are not working.
CABOOSE:we had a fire!
DELTA:we remember. your friend from red team described a location nearby with a strange energy source.
CABOOSE:op- that's where tucker is.
DELTA:we don't have many memories of him-
CABOOSE:yeah i never really liked him so, i leave him out of mosta the stories.
DELTA:the freelancer project found a source of intense energy, so a scenario team was sent to investigate the area. but they left without doing anything.
CABOOSE:they sound dumb.
DELTA:indeed. this place sounds like the location of the energy source. you should go there, and investigate. we can explain more when the opportunity arises.
CABOOSE:okay i can help you do that. even if it helps tucker too.
DELTA:thank you caboose. we have to go now. someone is coming. remember, memory is the key.
CABOOSE:what? i thought we were done with that part.
SARGE:ah ha! somebody is down here!
SIMMONS:see, i told you it wasn't me who moved your favourite crate.
SARGE:alright simmons, i said i believed you. just drop it already.
SIMMONS:don't know why you like that stupid thing so much anyway.
SARGE:hey blue, what do you think you're doing down here? you'd better not have messed up any of my stuff.
GRIF:messed up what, everything down here is fake.
SARGE:yeah, well who knows how he could have sabotaged the system. better run a diagnostic.
SIMMONS:yheh, if he sabotaged anything i'm sure he just ended up fixing it.
SARGE:what do you think you're doing down here, blue?
CABOOSE:nothing. i was just ah, i was just looking around. i need to leave anyways. i have to pack.
GRIF:see? problem averted. back to- wait, you're leaving leaving?
CABOOSE:uhi need to find my friend tucker.
DONUT:the guy in the desert? awesome!
GRIF:but then there won't be any more blues here. which means they'll probably send-
CABOOSE:actually i'm gonna go find tucker bring him back. then there will be two blues! plenty for you to fight!
GRIF:why don't i have confidence in this mission?
CABOOSE:yeah it sounds super dangerous but i'm sure i can manage. i've done dangerous stuff before and i've always come out- fine, both physically and...
SARGE:...
SIMMONS:...
GRIF:caboose?
CABOOSE:-mentally.
GRIF:yeah, this is not gonna work. hey sarge, permission to go on the blue's stupid mission?
SARGE:what?
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:don't you see? if he dies on this mission, and let's be honest, when he dies on this mission, that means they won't be back in command's records yet.
SARGE:well that's not good.
GRIF:but if i help him pull this off, then command might notice them and put 'em back in.
SARGE:excellent point, grif.
SIMMONS:no. it isn't.
SARGE:permission granted.
GRIF:um, you've never actually said that to me before. that means yes, right?
SARGE:yes.
GRIF:okay, just checking.
SARGE:and i'm coming with you.
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:whaaat?
SARGE:simmons, how 'bout you, ya in?
SIMMONS:i think i'll stay at the base and provide logistical support, sir.
SARGE:sounds good. let's get a move-on. we'll either restore the blues or we'll fail and i'll get to watch you die. it's a no-lose!
CABOOSE:sounds perfect!
GRIF:wait, you mean simmons gets to hang out at the base while i go out on a dangerous mission!?
SIMMONS:that's right. enjoy the limelight, private kissass. i'll just be hanging out here with donut until you get back. (fake yawn) i think it's time for a nap.
DONUT:oh-ho, man, this is going to be great. it'll be like a sleepover. ahand we can decorate. how awesome is this gonna be? i'll go get my wallpaper book, simmons, you be thinking 'bout paint colours.
GRIF AND  SIMMONS:aw man, i think i'm regretting this already.
SARGE:and get these water cans cleaned up while we're gone. how much water do you need to drink, donut?
DONUT:i was in the desert! don't judge me.
GRIF:maybe we should learn from that and bring some water ourselves.
SARGE:nonsense, will just slow us down.
GRIF:slow us down more than dehydration? or death? by dehydration?
SARGE:i don't know, smartass. let's say we try. i'll kill ya, then i'll dry you out. who wants grif jerky?
CABOOSE:oh, no thanks, i already had donut's for breakfast.
GRIF:wait, what?
SARGE:alright let's get going. everybody packed?
CABOOSE:yep.
GRIF:where's your stuff?
CABOOSE:oh i only carry a washcloth and six toothbrushes.
GRIF:i'm gonna assume that makes sense to you.
CABOOSE:yeah it does.
GRIF:yeah, i thought so. we'll just go ahead and leave that one alone.
SARGE:grif, why'd ya pack so much?
GRIF:me? i only did one duffel.
SARGE:well what are all these cases?
DONUT:those are mine!
SARGE:donut, you're going with us?
DONUT:no, but i wasn't gonna let you guys have all the packing fun to yourselves, that's the best part of going on vacation. i mean besides airport security's full cavity sear-
GRIF:time to go.
SARGE:now lopez, i want you to take good care of simmons and donut while we're gone.
LOPEZ:yo?
CAPTION:me?
SARGE:feed them every day-
LOPEZ:o sin plomo e stupendo?
CAPTION:do they eat unleaded? or super unleaded?
SARGE:exactly. and don't forget to let 'em out in the yard every now and then.
DONUT:i love yard time.
SIMMONS:good byye.
SARGE:if i don't make it back from the mission, bury me and grif as far apart as possible. i don't wanna get any corpse cooties.
GRIF:why do you assume i'll be dead?
SARGE:...
GRIF:never mind.
SARGE:all aboard! let's get this show on the road.
SARGE:hey, be careful with the new gun. it hasn't passed any real world testing yet.
SIMMONS:it hasn't passed any fake world testing! it's passed zero tests.
SARGE:which means the enemy can't possibly know about it. we've got the initiative.
SIMMONS:yeah you got something. big dummy.
SARGE:we'll be back as soon as we help the blue. and then we'll kill him.
CABOOSE:guys, i really appreciate this.
SARGE:see you soon! try not to get in any trouble.
CABOOSE:are we there yet.
SARGE AND  GRIF:shut up.
DONUT:good luck!
LOPEZ:acaban de conducir en el agua?
CAPTION:did they just drive into the water?
DONUT:hey, where ya going?
SIMMONS:to blow up blue base.
DONUT:uh, i think that's what sarge meant by get in to trouble!
SIMMONS:i don't give a fuck!
CABOOSE:can we stop again? i have to pee.
GRIF:again?
CABOOSE:well my suit leaked, and i had to drink a lot on the way here! a lot.
SARGE:look grif, sand.
GRIF:yeah, we're on a beach.
SARGE:donut said there was sand. that means we're on the right track.
GRIF:you know what else he told us? the co-ordinates to where we're going.
SARGE:another clue!
GRIF:that's not a clue! there's no mystery! we're driving there.
SARGE:come on, let's get going. before the trail gets cold.
CABOOSE:i have to use the bathroom again.
DONUT:lopez, simmons has been gone a really long time.
LOPEZ:no cuido.
CAPTION:i don't care.
DONUT:if simmons blows up blue base, sarge is gonna be really mad.
LOPEZ:s. l es estpido como se.
CAPTION:yes. he is stupid like that.
DONUT:i'm worried about him
LOPEZ:s porque usted es estpido como se.
CAPTION:yes that's because you are stupid like that.
DONUT:i think i'm gonna go over there and check on him.
LOPEZ:lo que.
CAPTION:whatever.
SARGE:yeehaw!
SARGE:i told you not to take jumps bigger than my yeehaws. makes me look bad.
GRIF:okay, this looks like it.
SARGE:be careful grif. we don't wanna get spotted.
BOOMING VOICE:halt. do not come any further.
CABOOSE:i think we've been spotted.
SARGE:punch it grif!
BOOMING VOICE:you are attempting to access a restricted area, and you have entered a minefield.
GRIF:a what!?
BOOMING VOICE:a minefield. you idiot.
CABOOSE:your field, who says this is your field- you can't own a field!
GRIF:caboose not his field, a minefield!
SARGE:you know, the native american culture said the earth doesn't belong to us; we belong to it.
GRIF:guys, he means explosives!
CABOOSE AND  SARGE:ohhhh.
SARGE:oh!
SIMMONS:what the hell is all this stuff?
DONUT:oh there you are! did you blow up the base yet?
SIMMONS:look at this mess donut. it's like he's rigged the place.
DONUT:oh yeah, that's caboose's project.
SIMMONS:this is what he's been working on?
DONUT:he's trying to rebuild the body for that blue buddy of his. uh, looks like a piece is missing though.
SIMMONS:for the dead guy. hh, give me a break. no wonder noone ever wins this war. we're all doing stuff like building lame robots.
SIMMONS:oh, hey, lopez, uh... i didn't mean you, i meant other... robots.
DONUT:that was kinda racist.
SIMMONS:hey that's not true. i have lots of mechanical friends.
VOICE:just, just give me that microphone. (into megaphone): do not under any circumstances move. you have entered an active minefield.
CABOOSE:does thinking count as moving. because if it does i think i might have moved- up! i did it again.
GRIF:shut up caboose.
CABOOSE:well i don't want to get exploded.
SARGE:how do we get outta here?
MEGAPHONE VOICE:we will guide you out.
SARGE:great! we'll just wait for you to come out here then.
MEGAPHONE VOICE:what? no- fuck that! listen, we're not coming out there, okay? hang tight. we're gonna pull up the schematic, we'll be right back. don't, move.
SARGE:grif! what were you thinkin' driving us straight into a minefield?
GRIF:me? you were in the passenger seat, that makes you the navigator.
SARGE:what're you talkin' about?
GRIF:everybody knows that. you're in charge of directions.
SARGE:no, the shotgun seat is reserved as a position of respect. and for people who carry shotguns. see? quid pro quo. now grif, here's the plan. you walk in front of us, very slowly.
GRIF:no.
SARGE:if you hear anything that sounds like a small metallic click, or it feels like your legs are being blown off, just say "found one."
GRIF:no.
CABOOSE:uh oh! i think i just thought about something again.
SARGE:both of ya shut up. i have to think a way outta this mess.
GRIF:you mean the mess you navigated us into?
SARGE:how 'bout i come over there and navigate my fist through your forehead?
GRIF:heh, okay, bring it. just stroll on over here across the minefield and beat me to death.
SARGE:maybe i will...
GRIF:bring it!
MEGAPHONE VOICE:look, we can hear you talking. do not move, 'kay? seriously.
SARGE:rrrr...
CABOOSE:it's not my fault. i'm not moving. i'm not even thinking about moving.
GRIF:sarge, since we may not make it outta this, maybe there's a few things i should tell you. you know, since you can't reach me.
SARGE:grif...
GRIF:like the reason why i never listen to you. or never follow your orders. and why i don't think anything you say is ever important.
SARGE:(i don't know, sounds like intestinal distress or something)
GRIF:but i want you to understand, sarge. it's not because i'm lazy. it's because i don't like you. or respect you. in any way. i have no positive feelings towards you.
GRIF:now i imagine it can be pretty hard to be an ineffective leader with no respect.
GRIF:who doesn't understand that his primary weapon has an effective range much shorter than most weapons. but i think since we're gonna die anyway, you deserve to know that.
MEGAPHONE VOICE:alright. i'm back. ready? we're gonna guide you outta there.
GRIF:heh huh. you know i was kidding, right?
SIMMONS:hey lopez, wait up! hey man, i need some explosives.
LOPEZ:...
SIMMONS:to blow up blue base? you know, did sarge leave you the key to the weapon locker?
LOPEZ:si.
CAPTION:si.
SIMMONS:okay. i need about fifty kilos of plastic explosives. technically five should do it, but i really wanna blow the fuck outta that thing. can you go get it for me?
LOPEZ:mirar en ese.
CAPTION:i will look into that.
SIMMONS:uh, i need it right now?
LOPEZ:s. ahora comenzar eso.
CAPTION:si. i'll get right on it.
LOPEZ:mreme van.
CAPTION:look at me go.
SIMMONS:hmm, you don't seem to be moving.
LOPEZ:si.
CAPTION:si.
SIMMONS:this is about that robot comment, isn't it.
LOPEZ:quizs.
CAPTION:maybe.
MEGAPHONE VOICE:okay gentlemen. here's how we're going to do this. we'll guide the two guys in front out, and you in the jeep, just follow them.
GRIF:(in the jeep) okay.
CABOOSE:uh i'm scared.
MEGAPHONE VOICE:alright. start by taking two steps forward, and then turn to your right.
SARGE:a 'step' ain't exactly a standard measurement, buddy!
MEGAPHONE VOICE:just a step.
SARGE:yeah, i get it. but what's a step? like this...
SARGE:or, thi-
SARGE:whoa!
MEGAPHONE VOICE:just a step!
SARGE:okay, no problem, just a step!
MEGAPHONE VOICE:alright. now, walk four steps to your right.
SARGE:you mean our right?
MEGAPHONE VOICE:yes.
CABOOSE:um, our our right, or your our right.
MEGAPHONE VOICE:there is no my your right.
SARGE:what- is left north to you, or is it- whe- on the compass, which way.
CABOOSE:uh, what about-
MEGAPHONE VOICE:just walk to your right!
MEGAPHONE VOICE:no!
CABOOSE:sorry.
SARGE:sorry!
GRIF:you know what, i just can't take this any more. fuck it.
MEGAPHONE VOICE:yeah, uh fuck it. just run.
SARGE:son of a-
SARGE:aw dammit grif. look what ya did now. you busted up a brand new jeep.
GRIF:me? you were the idiots that started setting off mines.
SARGE:well i managed to get outta there without getting hit by anything.
GRIF:because you jumped on the roof of the car. that's cheating.
SARGE:no, it's called strategy!
GRIF:well, your 'strategy' broke the jeep. so don't go blaming me. and the blue guy's dead too. how're we gonna explain that?
WEIRD FACE GUY:what the hell? what were you thinking?
SARGE:we don't need to explain why he died, grif. we're reds! killin' blues is our business. and today, business is good.
GRIF:but we didn't kill 'im. he stepped on a mine and blew up. and he's the reason that we're on this stupid mission. so now what?
SARGE:i see your point. so maybe we should have a moment of silence in honour of the dead blue guy. bow your head.
WEIRD FACE GUY:(i'll just call him wfg for short) hey, are you listening to me?
GRIF:do you mind? we're having a moment of silence? show some respect.
WFG:what?
SARGE:dear lord, we thank you for taking another blue back to heaven today. or rather not to heaven. to whatever firey pit you send blues to so they can suffer in eternity. you coulda taken grif. but you didn't. again. not sure why, it woulda been easy! those mine things are everywhere! but i guess you know what you're doing.
CABOOSE:aaaaaaaaaaaa! wow. now that was a big explosion.
GRIF:blue guy's back.
CABOOSE:i went really high. did anyone get a picture?
SARGE:and now you brought him back. and grif's still here! i hate to criticize but you could've just had him land on grif and squash him. that would've been easy! just a note; you can take it or leave it. like i said not really my place to criticize. okay the end amen.
WFG:what the fuck is wrong with you people?
SARGE:whoa. now who are you?
WFG:who'm i? who are you? i'm supposed to be here. you guys are accessing an area on lockdown.
SARGE:lockdown?
WFG:this is a restricted dig site. what are you doing here?
CABOOSE:oh, uh we were just looking for a-
SARGE:we're just passing through on our way to meet up with the rest of our squad.
WFG:oh, great. stay here. don't move. don't touch anything.
GRIF:why didn't you ask about tucker?
SARGE:we don't know anything about these guys. other than that one's causin' trouble for tucker. we don't know that we can trust 'em yet.
CABOOSE:oh right. because normally, you guys are the ones that cause trouble for tucker.
SARGE:right. that's our job.
SIMMONS:whoa whoa whoa, take it easy. listen lopez, i'm not racist. i just didn't know you were standing there when i said that.
LOPEZ:cmo eso le hace no racista.
CAPTION:how does that make you not racist?
SIMMONS:i had a lot of mechanical friends while growing up. seriously, i am not a racist.
LOPEZ:lo que.
CAPTION:whatever.
SIMMONS:in fact, i'm one eighth cyborg.
LOPEZ:si?
CAPTION:really?
SIMMONS:yeah!
LOPEZ:en el lado de su madre?
CAPTION:on your mother's side?
SIMMONS:yeah you know, from my accident when sarge replaced all my organs.
LOPEZ:oh de hecho.
CAPTION:oh right.
SIMMONS:see? i'm down with the one zero one, zero zero one ...scene.
LOPEZ:nadie llamalos en eso.
CAPTION:no one calls it that anymore.
SIMMONS:look, i'm just saying, i'm sorry, now can you help me with these explosives? please?
LOPEZ:hhughh... si.
CAPTION:i guess...
SIMMONS:okay. then, we're cool?
LOPEZ:si. bueno.
CAPTION:yeah. we're cool.
SIMMONS:hohh, that's a relief. i was getting worried there for a minute. i know how you mexicans like to hold a grudge.
LOPEZ:...
SIMMONS:... i'll just find another way to blow up the base.
LOPEZ:buena suerte con eso.
CAPTION:good luck with that.
WFG:okay, now. we want the three of you to go-
GRIF AND  SARGE:whoa!
CABOOSE:uh oh.
WFG:what the- oh, right. sorry. i'm so used to working with aliens now i forget some people don't have any experience.
SARGE:oh we've got experience with these things. some of use more than others.
WFG:you guys fought aliens during the war?
GRIF:...yeah, something like that. let's just say we got a little closer to them than we thought physically possible.
WFG:well, don't worry about ol' smith here. he's really friendly.
GRIF:yeah, that doesn't really put us at ease.
GUARD:alright washington, the man in charge has agreed to see you. you have five minutes. do anything aggressive, and i'll shoot you. do anything weird, and i'll shoot you. do anything i don't like-
WASHINGTON:and you'll shoot me. i got it. i think i've identified the pattern.
GUARD:talk back again, and i'll shoot you. i don't know why he's even seeing you.
WASHINGTON:because i know something he wants to know.
GUARD:well good for you. you have five minutes.
WASHINGTON:guess i should say thank-you.
GUARD:i guess you should get going. your five minutes already started.
CHAIRMAN:my dear agent washington. i am so pleased to make your acquaintance, do come in. i feel that we have much to discuss.
SIMMONS:donut, where've you been?
DONUT:just seeing if the guys at blue base had anything valuable to move out. you know, before you burn it to the ground? caboose asked me to housesit
SIMMONS:did the have anything valuable?
DONUT:well i'm not gonna tell you. you'll just find it and burn it.
SIMMONS:yeah, that's true. but tell me anyway.
DONUT:nah, there's not much over there. just some spare parts from caboose's 'build a new best friend' project. and it looks like he took that a.i. unit with him.
SIMMONS:so dumb. wait, what? a.i. unit?
DONUT:yeah, it was kinda cool! it was purple, and it liked to hear old stories about-
SIMMONS:what? he kept that?! he wasn't supposed to keep that. i thought he turned it in. that was part of the deal for getting our bases. we had to turn over all equipment.
DONUT:you're talking to me about things that really don't make any sense. i've been kinda gone. i don't know if you noticed.
SIMMONS:i'm gonna tell sarge, and have him get it back from that idiot.
SIMMONS:sarge, come in, sarge. sarge, do you read?
SIMMONS:houh, dammit. hey lopez!
LOPEZ:si.
CAPTION:si.
SIMMONS:is the radio busted?
LOPEZ:cmo ser que nadie...
CAPTION:busted radio.
LOPEZ:...quiere nunca hablar conmigo sobre todo lo dems?
CAPTION:how come no one ever wants to talk to me about anything else?
SIMMONS:the radio, no work? call sarge-o. yes er no?
LOPEZ:usted habla ingls que lo hago.
CAPTION:you speak english worse than i do.
LOPEZ:s. radio. bueno. asno. encima al suelo.
CAPTION:yes. radio. good. butt. up yours.
SIMMONS:then, how come, i can't, get, sarge.
LOPEZ:su radio se revienta. piensa, einsteino.
CAPTION:maybe their radio is busted, einstein.
SIMMONS:can, you, fix, it?
LOPEZ:puedo fijar su radio, de aqu?
CAPTION:can i fix their radio, from here?
LOPEZ:s. porque soy mgico.
CAPTION:sure. because i am magic.
LOPEZ:soy robostesa mgica.
CAPTION:i am a magic robot.
SIMMONS:how come, in all these years of working with us, you haven't managed to learn one single word of english?
LOPEZ:no s.
CAPTION:i don't know.
LOPEZ:para evitar conversacin tenga gusto de esto.
CAPTION:probably trying to avoid conversations like this.
WFG:now i'm sure you've heard about the treaties between aliens and people. we're here to investigate an energy reading. rules are now, if they find one of these things, all investigation teams have to have at least one person, and one alien. no exceptions.
SARGE:what kind of energy reading?
WFG:i can't tell you that. in fact, i need you to leave this area asap. the alien diplomats will get mighty suspicious if they find another human squad showed up. we don't want to cause an intergalactic incident.
CABOOSE:ah, we're used to doing that.
SARGE:hu hhuh, wuh, what my friend means is that we're uh, used to following protocol.
WFG:good! then you guys just head on your way, and we don't need to report this to anybody.
GRIF:dude, we're not going anywhere. our jeep is wrecked.
WFG:damn! okay. we'll help you repair your jeep, and then, you're gone. couple of rules while you're here: this is a restricted dig site. everything here is property of the military. do not go looking for any artifacts. and do not go anywhere without telling me. got it?
GRIF:yes mom, we got it.
WFG:okay. quick quiz then: what're you gonna do if you find an artifact?
CABOOSE:not take it.
WFG:no. that was a trick question. you're not going to find an artifact, because you're not going to be looking for an artifact.
CABOOSE:maybe i knew it was a trick question, so i gave you a trick answer.
WFG:there are no trick answers, there are only wrong answers. are we clear?
GRIF:yes.
WFG:are we clear?
EVERYONE:yes!
WFG:okay. then head down there. on the left you'll find some wrecked jeeps you can scavenge for parts. there's also water down there on the left too. keep yourselves hydrated. you want some chow? it's with the water on the left.
SARGE:thanks. and we'll be leaving as soon as we can.
WFG:yes, you will.
GRIF:are you thinking what i'm thinking sarge?
SARGE:yeah. something just doesn't seem right.
CABOOSE:i know. everything is on the left.
GRIF:shut up caboose.
SMITH:rrguu?
WFG:no. i don't think they know anything. you get back to the temple. keep working on getting it open. i'll take care of these idiots.
GRIF:simmons, come on simmons are you there or what?
GRIF:okay, i give up. something's wrong with the radio now too. i'll go check their jeep.
SARGE:what the hell is wrong with this jeep anyway? doesn't have a turret.
CABOOSE:maybe it's just a car?
SARGE:what does that mean?
CABOOSE:you know, like a car. a regular car.
SARGE:what kind of car doesn't have a massive cannon on it?
CABOOSE:oh all kinds of cars. most kinds of cars.
SARGE:sounds ridiculous. that'd be like saying there's some kind of thing you can wear on your head that's not armor plated, and doesn't offer a five-time optical zoom.
CABOOSE:i think you've been in the military a really long time.
SARGE:yep. it's been a good run.
GRIF:dammit, no radio here either? someone's yanked it out. why would they deliberately pull the radio out of their own jeep?
CABOOSE:let me take a look at it grif.
GRIF:why? you wanna confirm that there's no radio?
CABOOSE:maybe i can fix it.
GRIF:how're you gonna fix something that isn't even ther- you know what, no fuck it, go for it. whatever.
GRIF:sarge, this place gives me the creeps. something's really wrong here. i mean why would they deliberately pull the radio out of their own jeep? and why can't i get a signal on long-range?
SARGE:something does seem out of place. but maybe we're overreacting. maybe they're just using the parts from these radios to fix the others.
GRIF:and we just happened to only find all the ones that are broken? that seems unlikely.
SARGE:hmm, maybe they have one enormous radio somewhere that requires a ton of parts? like one the size of a house.
GRIF:once again, unlikely. wait a second- what about that thing, the big freighter? it looks like a mobile base. maybe it has a radio?
CABOOSE:(whispering) sheila, is that you? are you there? uh, delta? tex.
SARGE:hey, what're you up to over there?
CABOOSE:nothing!
CABOOSE:i'm up to nothing.
SARGE:what is that, what're you doing?
GRIF:uh oh, here comes-
SARGE:caboose, stop messing with their jeep.
CABOOSE:i'm not doing anything, just ignore me.
SARGE:if you're not doing anything, then what would we be ignoring?
CABOOSE:ignore what i'm not doing.
LOPEZ:ok simmons. se hacen sus motocicletas.
CAPTION:ok simmons. your motorcycles are done.
SIMMONS:wow lopez, that's great. you made motorcycles? thanks!
LOPEZ:ahora usted puede alcanzar a sarge,
CAPTION:now you can catch up to sarge,
LOPEZ:le dice sobre ese unidad del ai.
CAPTION:tell him about that ai unit.
SIMMONS:now i can catch up to sarge, and tell him all about that a.i. unit he has.
LOPEZ:usted est imitando?
CAPTION:are you mocking me?
SIMMONS:alright, i'll be back as soon as i can. come on donut! hey, lopez? did you see where donut went?
LOPEZ:no.
CAPTION:no.
SIMMONS:i'll bet he's over at blue base again. i'll go get him. man, why do i have to do everything around here?
LOPEZ:usted?
CAPTION:you?
LOPEZ:acabo de construir dos motocicletas.
CAPTION:i'm the one who just built two motorcycles.
SIMMONS:yeah, i know lopez. i guess i'm just naturally responsible, and people take advantage of that. it's a curse, really. i'll go grab donut, bring him back for his motorcycle.
LOPEZ:no. ninguna motocicleta para l. no donut.
CAPTION:no. that's not for donut.
SIMMONS:no that's not for donut? then why'd you build a second one?
LOPEZ:eso es un repuesto.
CAPTION:that's a spare.
LOPEZ:s mejor construiros siempre dos vehculos.
CAPTION:if there's anything i've learned about working with you idiots, it's always build two vehicles.
SIMMONS:uh huh? i don't even understand- okay, whatever lopez. see you soon!
SIMMONS:hey uh, i'm just gonna take this other motorcycle?
LOPEZ:las llaves estn en la ignicin.
CAPTION:the keys are in the ignition.
SARGE:okay, let's see what we can find out. you guys follow my lead.
WFG:hey, what's going on down here?
CABOOSE:i said nothing.
SARGE:eh ah, uhm, we're just down here scavenging for parts like you said.
WFG:okay. well hurry it up.
GRIF:you realize we're not gonna fix this in like the next ten minutes, right?
WFG:yeah, just the sooner the better.
SARGE:why, what's going on around here?
WFG:i can't tell you that.
SARGE:can't tell us, or you don't want to tell us?
WFG:i can't tell you, which is convenient because i don't want to tell you.
GRIF:why don't you wanna tell us?
WFG:because it's secret!
SARGE:regular secret? or top secret?
WFG:top secret.
SARGE:dammit, the worst kind!
GRIF:well why is it so secretive?
WFG:i can't tell you that, because that information is classified.
SARGE:classified as what?
WFG:classified as something i can't tell you, now stop fishing for information!
GRIF:... what information do you think we're fishing for?
WFG:okay, that wasn't even a good attempt.
GRIF:yeah, i gotta agree with that.
WFG:look, i'm sure you're curious. we're curious about you as well. all you need to know is what you can plainly see. we're trying to uncover that structure to, recover something. that's already more than you need to know!
GRIF:do you have a name?
WFG:you can call me c.t.
SARGE:got a rank there c.t.?
C.T.:not one you would recognize. now let's- hey, where's your other guy?
SARGE:uh, what guy?
C.T.:the other guy.
SARGE:he's right there.
C.T.:the other other guy.
GRIF:he's right, there?
C.T.:that's it! you're either here to investigate us, or you're complete idiots. either way, i've had it.
GRIF:investigate?
C.T.:hhh, tell me where the blue guy went, or i'll shoot the orange one.
SARGE:...
C.T.:well?
GRIF:dude, i can save you some time. you just picked the wrong guy to threaten. it'll make more sense when you get to know us.
C.T.:that's him, isn't it?
GRIF:probably.
C.T.:move! up the hill!
DONUT:doo dadoo, doo dadoo. hm hm hm, hm hm hm. ya ta doo doo doo. ba ba ba, la la la. man, caboose sure can make a mess for just one person. although, i guess he was trying to make another person. which technically would make this a mess for two people. i think caboose would be a great dad. i wonder if i should have a kid. i never really thought i wanted one, but as i get older, i start to think maybe something is missing.
DONUT:aw, i hope i didn't wait too long. i've been so focused on my career and having a good time, maybe it's too late for me. oh great, now i sound like my mother.
DONUT:oh hi there, you scared me. i didn't know anyone was over here at blue base. ... strong silent type, huh? that's cool. don't mind me, i'm just keeping the place a little tidy. yeah, a clean base is a deadly base. that's what sarge always says. sarge is our commander. you'll get a sarge over here i'm sure, but he won't be like our sarge. he'll be blue!
DONUT:man, the rest of the guys'll be so happy to have someone to fight. they're gonna be so relieved to see you! what did you say your name was?
DONUT:hmm, oren, huh? love the accent. really works for you.
DONUT:i should probably move this.
DONUT:aw, don't worry buddy i already checked their weapons. all good, but thanks for helpin'.
DONUT:wooh, this thing's heavy. maybe if i grab the leg-
DONUT:we-hell, that was helpful. thanks! where'd you get that kickass broom?
DONUT:uh, do you hear that?
SIMMONS:hey donut, are you in there? lopez built you a motorcycle. i broke it.
DONUT:hey! yeah, simmons, i'm inside the blue base. guess what, blue team got a new soldier!
SIMMONS:what? they sent another team member? why would they do that, that doesn't make any sense.
SIMMONS:oh fuck! welcome to the neighbourhood, see you later!
C.T.:come on, move.
GRIF:alright already, we're moving. don't boss me.
C.T.:hey, what's going on up here?
ALIEN:rour? rour.
C.T.:sabotaging the digger, huh? i knew it. who sent you here? what do they know about us?
SARGE:dammit caboose, why do you keep messing with the vehicles?
CABOOSE:oh, yeah i was just trying to find a home for epsilon. no biggie.
C.T.:what? what is that thing?
SMITH:rour. ruour rour.
C.T.:shit, he's opening the temple! dammit! are you with him?
GRIF:with who?
C.T.:awh, crap! get down there. kill him if you have to and don't let that door close again no matter what happens!
SARGE:hurry, let's move!
GRIF:let's get the fuck outta here!
C.T.:oh shit! come in! torrence!
C.T.:don't go there!
GRIF:yeheah, seeya suckers. you just got yoinked! how the fuck do you drive this thing? why are there only four levers if there's six directions? what the fuck is sixth gear?
SARGE:grif, if you're gonna run away in the middle of battle, at least have the decency to drive faster than i can run!
GRIF:is the emergency brake on, i don't get- okay fuck this, this is stupid.
SOLDIER:get down!
SOLDIER:ah fuck!
C.T.:smith, cover me! move back!
TUCKER:hey guys, run for the temple! i'll cover you, hurry!
CABOOSE:oh, my tucker! is that you?
TUCKER:yeah, of course it's me. now move!
CABOOSE:so, where've you been?
TUCKER:what is this, some kind of fucking reunion? move your asses, idiots. i'll meet you over there.
SARGE:what in sam hell was all of that?
GRIF:who cares, just move.
WASHINGTON:i'm sorry, do we know each other?
CHAIRMAN:you are special agent washington. former member of project freelancer. also known by the designation 'recovery one'.
WASHINGTON:also known as prisoner 619b.
CHAIRMAN:convicted, three counts dereliction of duty, eight counts of conspiracy to commit treason, and my personal favourite, seven counts destruction of protected, classified military property.
WASHINGTON:and you are?
CHAIRMAN:i am someone extremely disappointed by the destruction of said property. that, is all you need to know.
WASHINGTON:i wanna make a deal. i have information that you want.
CHAIRMAN:all the information i want, was lost in the destruction of project freelancer.
WASHINGTON:not all of it.
CHAIRMAN:agent washington, if you knew anything, that could have kept you out of prison, i am sure it would have come to light, during your trial. so if you're quite through with wasting my time, we'll-
WASHINGTON:i know you're missing the epsilon unit. and i know where to find it.
CHAIRMAN:you have my attention.
WASHINGTON:it disappeared after the events at freelancer command. you searched everyone associated with the program. even the red team troopers you found.
CHAIRMAN:yes, the ones who were found bickering around the stolen jeep.
WASHINGTON:there's another group of soldiers. a blue squad. they escaped with epsilon.
CHAIRMAN:i show no record of these soldiers.
WASHINGTON:and you won't, but i know where to find them. so here's the deal: i give you that missing module, you get me out of here. i get a clear slate, and we forget we ever knew each other.
CHAIRMAN:that sounds fair.
WASHINGTON:and i'm gonna need some equipment. invisibility, overshields, anything left over from freelancer.
CHAIRMAN:i think we can point you in the right direction for that.
SIMMONS:aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!
TUCKER:guys, hold them off, i'll get the door.
TUCKER:there.
CABOOSE:tucker!
TUCKER:hey caboose.
GRIF:oh hey, look, it's that guy.
TUCKER:you brought these guys? are we killing each other today? or pretending to work together?
CABOOSE:uh, the pretending version.
TUCKER:oh huhoh, cool. hey dudes, what's up? how'd y'all find me?
SARGE:we got that radio call you sent.
TUCKER:the distress signal? and they sent you assholes? that was to help me! i wanted less distress, not more distress.
GRIF:uh, actually we kinda ignored that call at first.
TUCKER:that makes sense.
GRIF:and then donut showed up and told us you were in trouble.
TUCKER:hohoho, i get it. so me making an emergency radio call, not a big deal. donut telling you some dumb homo story? red alert.
SARGE:pretty much.
TUCKER:so where's everyone else?
CABOOSE:what do you mean?
TUCKER:the rest of the people who're gonna help me fight these fuckers off.
EVERYONE:...
TUCKER:you didn't bring any other soldiers, did you.
CABOOSE:oh, uh, that depends, uh, by other soldiers do you mean, people other than us?
TUCKER:yes, i do.
CABOOSE:then, no.
SARGE:what's goin' on here?
TUCKER:uh, it's kind of hard to explain. they think there's some kind of artifact here. some massive weapon built a long time ago.
CABOOSE:an old weapon. like a spear?
TUCKER:no, not a spear. like some kind of super energy electric thing.
CABOOSE:an electric spear.
TUCKER:it's not a spear, dumbass.
SARGE:hrr, think i've read about these. they found some back during the war.
TUCKER:yeah, well, all the aliens are into them, and so are all the humans now. so me and junior have to go around sometimes and help - negotiate stuff. you know, smooth-talk.
GRIF:why you?
TUCKER:we're like ambassadors here or something. humans and aliens seem more comfortable with us since we're kind of, you know, in between.
CABOOSE:in between aliens and humans, huh. you mean in between two alien and human? laadies?
TUCKER:come on dude, seriously? you're not gonna get me to say it with that lame-ass joke. i'm not that easy.
EVERYONE:...
TUCKER:okay, well maybe i am that easy, bow chicka bow wow. see, now that's a setup.
CABOOSE:ah ha hah. y-i hope one day you tell me what you're going to do between the two ladies.
SARGE:so are you part of the group that c.t. told us about?
TUCKER:that asshole? he's a fucking liar. he and his team killed the guys originally sent to dig this thing up, then they tried to kill me.
CABOOSE:oh no, well i hope you stopped them.
TUCKER:i locked myself in this temple. i figured it would keep me safe, and keep them away from the relic.
GRIF:so who are they?
TUCKER:i don't have any idea dude. they're probably trying to steal the artifact, then sell it to the highest bidder.
CABOOSE:oh they're like evil ebay.
TUCKER:you're an idiot. look guys, thanks for the fucked up rescue mission and all that, but where's church?
CABOOSE:oh, um he's dead.
TUCKER:yeah, i know that, church has been dead for years, it never stopped him before.
CABOOSE:oh yeah, we also found out that he's, not a ghost, and that he's an a.i. computer program, like sheila.
TUCKER:... yeah i knew that.
GRIF:you did?
TUCKER:yeah, you guys didn't? fu- pay fucking attention, what the fuck you guys paying attention to?
GRIF:uh, w-uh i had my suspicions.
SARGE:of course, i just didn't wanna tell anybody.
CABOOSE:i still want to know what tucker's going to do between the two ladies.
TUCKER:look guys, i need your help. we either need to chase these guys off or destroy this facility. or pick up some chicks. old habits die hard.
SARGE:but why destroy it?
TUCKER:orders. we can't let it fall into anyone else's hands. plus breaking stuff is fucking awesome.
GRIF:this thing is that powerful?
TUCKER:hell yeah! first they built these rings that were a huge weapon, then we found this super powerful cube-shaped weapon, and i guess this is the pyramid version.
GRIF:that ancient race sure built a lot of weapons.
TUCKER:h-i know.
GRIF:i mean did they really need to spend all their time building stuff to destroy the universe? like how about the galaxy's biggest movie theatre or, like some kind of super-advanced water park? all work and no play guys, seriously.
TUCKER:no play. tell me about it.
GRIF:what the hell are they doing out there?
TUCKER:they've been trying to blast their way in here ever since i locked it down. they're not having much luck though are you fucking assholes! the stuff looks like rock, but it's way tougher.
GRIF:what's tougher than rock?
CABOOSE:paper.
TUCKER:t- how the fuck should i know? super-rock? what am i, some kind of geographist?
SARGE:they have some kind of big machine out there.
TUCKER:yeah, they just got that thing. i think they think they're gonna yank this door off with it. not fuckin' happening.
SARGE:they wanna get their hands on that weapon?
TUCKER:yeah, and we can't let 'em turn it on, no matter what happens.
SARGE:well why don't we just turn it on and use it against them?
TUCKER:huh! what? we don't know what it does! we could turn it on and it could make us all sterile.
GRIF:would it do that?
TUCKER:well, the last weapon we found was designed to wipe out all organic life in a huge radius.
GRIF:(whistles) wow. what's a, radius?
TUCKER:i don't know, they just made me learn this crap for my dumb job. point is, don't touch anything. you hit the wrong button or flip the wrong swtich, we'll all be dead before you can say- where's caboose?
SARGE:uh, i don't think that's how that expression goes.
TUCKER:no, i mean where the fuck is caboose?
SARGE:ah yeah, he does have a habit of wandering off. he's been trying to rig equipment to do something. we don't really know what. that boy is not quite right, you know.
TUCKER:what- i just said not to touch anything, and you guys let him walk away to find equipment? what the hell is wrong with you? man, i swear, you guys have always been idiots but, this takes the cake.
GRIF:hey! he's on your team, asshole.
TUCKER:oh, right. ... hey uh, so if you guys aren't doing anything, you wanna help me go find caboose?
SARGE:let's go.
GRIF:so embarassing for you.
TUCKER:just go find the guy.
GRIF:so sad.
TUCKER:i fucked your sister.
LOPEZ:(grunts)
SIMMONS:looopeeeez!
LOPEZ:no! acabo de fijar esto.
CAPTION:no! i just fixed this.
LOPEZ:sta es el mo.
CAPTION:this one is mine. stay away!
SIMMONS:he's here! he's here!
LOPEZ:quin?
CAPTION:who?
SIMMONS:the bad guy, the guy who wants to kill us!
LOPEZ:me necesito ser ms especfico que se.
CAPTION:you're going to have to be more specific than that.
SIMMONS:the meta, he's here!
LOPEZ:qu? aqu?
CAPTION:what? here?
LOPEZ:pens que el es muerto.
CAPTION:i thought he was dead.
SIMMONS:oh jeez look out!
SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
LOPEZ:madre de dios!
SIMMONS:lopez, we need some big guns.
LOPEZ:ok. ve que pueda hacer.
CAPTION:ok. that i can do.
SIMMONS:i'll grab the rocket launcher. just grab whatever you can lopez, i'm trained to handle this weapon.
SIMMONS:lopez? anybody?
SIMMONS:alright you bastard, prepare to get simmonsized.
SIMMONS:well fuck me.
LOPEZ:usted dijo "simmonsized"?
CAPTION:did you seriously just say "simmonsized"?
SIMMONS:lopez-
LOPEZ:cierre la cogida.
CAPTION:shut the fuck up.
LOPEZ:usted rompi motocicleta.
CAPTION:you broke my motorcycle again.
CABOOSE:no. ... no. ... hmm...
C.T.:just open the temple and you can leave. we'll take what we want and noone has to get hurt.
TUCKER:shut up, idiot! i should have stabbed that fucking speaker while i was out there.
GRIF:caboose!
TUCKER:caboose, where are you!?
SARGE:hey blue! hope you're not dead! now that there's two of ya, we finally have a fair fight. come on out here so we can kill ya!
TUCKER:hey guys, shut up, you hear that?
CABOOSE:would you be quiet? see you're gonna get me in trouble.
CHURCH:(filtered) trouble? fuck that.
TUCKER:who's he talking to? aw crap, did somebody break into the temple?
CABOOSE:no no! okay, see you broke that. see that was your fault.
CHURCH:that, that was already broken.
TUCKER:alright, let's charge in there, and take these assholes out. on my mark.
SARGE:...
TUCKER:that means when i say 'go'.
GRIF:that voice sounds familiar.
SARGE:yeah, i find it annoying and grating for some reason.
CABOOSE:okay, just stop moving around. hold still!
CHURCH:i am holding still, you're the one that's moving.
TUCKER:yeah, that sounds like-
CHURCH:get your hands off me, fuck it, douche!
CABOOSE:sorry church.
TUCKER,  GRIF AND  SARGE:church!?
CABOOSE:i can explain.
CHURCH:who the fuck are these guys?
SARGE:who brought the floating bowling ball? where's the thumbhole?
LOPEZ:consiga ms cajas all.
SIMMONS:keep watching your motion tracker. this guy can turn invisible.
LOPEZ:es eso donde l fue?
CAPTION:is that where he went?
SIMMONS:whoa! did you hear that?
LOPEZ:tengo algo en mi perseguidor de movimiento.
CAPTION:i have something on my motion tracker.
SIMMONS:(meekly) yeah, it was loud.
LOPEZ:no, usted idiota! all!
CAPTION:no, you idiot! over there!
DONUT:hey guys. sup?
SIMMONS:donut?
LOPEZ:usted no dijo a este individuo para cambiar color?
CAPTION:didn't you say this guy could change color?
DONUT:i just finished cleaning up blue base. what's going on over here?
LOPEZ:pienso que debemos tirarlo apenas para ser seguros.
CAPTION:i think we should shoot him just to be safe.
SIMMONS:donut that guy attacked me. i ran out of the base screaming! why didn't you help me?
DONUT:you guys seemed like you knew each other. i thought you were just catching up.
SIMMONS:he was firing grenades at me!
DONUT:yeah? so? i thought that was an inside joke between the two of you.
SIMMONS:what? what kinda joke would that be?
DONUT:well how do i know? i've been gone a long time, simmons.
SIMMONS:what?
DONUT:in fact, it was clear that i didn't know the guy. so shame on you for not introducing us. and quite frankly, i found the whole thing a bit rude.
SIMMONS:... what?
DONUT:rude.
LOPEZ:seriamente, podra apenas tirar...
CAPTION:seriously, we could just bury him out back.
LOPEZ:...del respirador ahora.
CAPTION:we wouldn't even have to tell anybody.
TUCKER:church? you're telling me that thing is church.
CABOOSE:well, not exactly. see um, technically, ah, this thing, is ah just a memory of church. um, his name is epsilon.
TUCKER:epsiwhatsawhat?
CHURCH:me, dipshit!
CABOOSE:uh yeah, see he's a resident memory of the guy that church was based on? so, he's kind of like, remembering himself. eh, simmons can explain. you know much better than i can. probably.
GRIF:sounds like i have another reason to be glad simmons isn't here.
CHURCH:wait, i thought he was simmons.
CABOOSE:he's sarge. su-u-arrguh. uh.
CHURCH:i'm confused, not deaf you idiot. and who's the yellow one?
GRIF:i'm not yellow, i'm orange!
CHURCH:yeah? then how'd you know who i was talkin' about?
TUCKER:how come he remembers us, but not who we are?
GRIF:why does everyone think i'm yellow? seriously! didn't anybody have a box of crayons when they were a kid?
CABOOSE:oh it will come back to him. see i've been telling him stories, about all of us.
TUCKER:...
CABOOSE:well, most of us.
SARGE:is that what you've been tryin' to do all this time? rebuild your buddy?
CABOOSE:yes. no. maybe. which would make you less mad?
TUCKER:so the only stuff he knows about us is what you told him? that's scary on a lotta levels dude.
CHURCH:why?
TUCKER:hoh, why, okay, quick quiz: who am i?
CHURCH:you're captain flowers, right? you're dead. i've been meaning to ask you about that part, is he like a zombie?
TUCKER:uh huh, and who is he?
CHURCH:he's grif. which is spelled with two fs.
GRIF:god dammit! okay, now that's another thing!
CHURCH:caboose was very specific about that second f.
TUCKER:yeah, and what about the red guy?
CHURCH:well, if he's not simmons, then i guess he's sarge. that would make him the gruff and regimented leader of the red team.
SARGE:that actually seems pretty-
TUCKER:pst- give him one more second.
CHURCH:which would make him also the captain of their pirate ship.
TUCKER:there it is.
CABOOSE:i am a good story teller.
TUCKER:how are you gonna tell stories? you can't even read stories.
CABOOSE:i can read.
TUCKER:caboose is the only guy i know of who had an illustrated field manual. he's a moron.
CABOOSE:well it helps when the stories have pictures. duh.
TUCKER:for the first two months i worked with him, he thought you held grenades over your head, while they shot arrows at the enemy.
CABOOSE:that diagram could have been a lot more specific.
SARGE:heh. you're lucky. as a recruit grif didn't even know what a grenade was. i called it a pineapple. and he tried to swallow it.
GRIF:yeah well it still tasted better than those m.r.e.s you serve us.
SARGE:grif, show some respect! do you know how many men died to develop those meals?
GRIF:i can tell you exactly how many: everybody who ever tasted one.
TUCKER:at least he doesn't kill everyone who suits up for your team.
CABOOSE:oh, yeah, i don't think i really did that.
TUCKER:then who did?
CABOOSE:okay, stick with me on this, right? what if church, travelled back in time, using wyoming's special ability power-
TUCKER:god, shut up, that's fucking retarded.
GRIF:hugh, you guys are idiots!
CABOOSE:what? what about you guys?
SARGE:who's the real idiot? the idiot? or the idiot who fights him?
TUCKER:what dude? in either scenario, you're still an idiot.
SARGE:huhh, i would expect you to say something like that.
GRIF:wait, i think he's right.
SARGE:shut up grif! i always thought your armor was yellow too. matches your personality.
CABOOSE:hey! you shouldn't be mean to people who work for you, and just want to be your friend!
TUCKER:noone tries to do that but you.
SARGE:i think you're all a bunch o' idiots and i'm gonna fight every one of ya.
GRIF:i hate you, you don't even know what color i am.
TUCKER:what are the chances i don't even find a chick?
GRIF:so fuck you and go fuck yourself.
SARGE:oh yeah? well in your face.
TUCKER:no really, it says oogly, how is that fucking possible?
SARGE:i can handle a shotgun.
GRIF:you had sex with a rock.
TUCKER:your sister's name is rock?
CHURCH:everybody stop.
CABOOSE:i am yelling about things okay i guess we're done now.
CHURCH:alright listen guys, i may not remember everything right now, but it will come back to me, 'kay? i can feel it. but i do know this: if we don't work together, and destroy this weapon, those guys outside are gonna kill a lot of people. and we can't let that happen. so just for a moment, let's set aside our differences, and get to work solving this problem.
CHURCH:together. being in charge is a tough task. but i'm a born leader. so if you follow me, i know i can get us through this. are you with me?
GRIF:where are you going?
CHURCH:uh yeah, i don't seem to have full control over my body yet? but that doesn't invalidate anything i said! i assume leader- fuck, okay, i'll be right back! noone else take the leader position while i'm gone!
CABOOSE:okay bye.
SARGE:yeah, seeya later, winston churchill.
SIMMONS:i'm out.
DONUT:me too.
SIMMONS:well, that's it, i guess we're done then.
DONUT:yeah. simmons, i have to say, i didn't think i would go out like this.
SIMMONS:yeah whatever, that's nice.
DONUT:you're not curious how i thought i would go out?
SIMMONS:no. no, not in the least.
DONUT:how 'bout you, did you think you'd go out like this?
SIMMONS:underequipped and surrounded by people i hate? yeah, this is pretty much how i've pictured it since i got assigned to this unit. you see, i'm a realist.
LOPEZ:pens siempre con conseguir el sacado por mantenimiento pobre.
CAPTION:i always thought i would be taken out by poor maintenance.
SIMMONS:lopez is right, we need to think of something.
DONUT:can we escape?
SIMMONS:i don't see how. he's faster than us and stronger than us.
LOPEZ:alguien hizo saltar todos nuestros vehculos.
CAPTION:plus, somebody blew up all our vehicles.
DONUT:good idea lopez!
SIMMONS:you understood what he said?
DONUT:yeah! high school spanish, remember? he said the meta must have gotten here someway.
LOPEZ:hice?
CAPTION:i did?
DONUT:we just need to find his vehicle, and steal it.
SIMMONS:that's a good idea lopez.
LOPEZ:es?
CAPTION:it is?
LOPEZ:ningn no es.
CAPTION:no it isn't.
SIMMONS:okay, let's think. if you were a crazed lunatic, where would you hide a vehicle?
LOPEZ:l lo disimulo quizs.
CAPTION:maybe he cloaked it. that's what i would do.
DONUT:a garage is too obvious, lopez. we need to think of something crazier.
LOPEZ:para el traducir para m!
CAPTION:stop translating for me!
DONUT:crazier!
LOPEZ:eso no era incluso uno sugerencia!
CAPTION:that wasn't even a suggestion!
SIMMONS:well, clearly lopez is just having an off day, so let's ignore him.
LOPEZ:cojale los individuos.
CAPTION:fuck you guys.
SIMMONS:so we're looking for some kind of vehicle, probably parked by blue base...
LOPEZ:si usted sepa que hay un vehculo!
CAPTION:you're talking as if you know there is a vehicle!
DONUT:what if it only has two seats?
SIMMONS:hmm, i didn't think about that. hey lopez, turn off your ears for a second.
LOPEZ:qu? no puedo hacer eso.
CAPTION:what? why would i do that?
SIMMONS:okay, are they off?
LOPEZ:s, estn apagados.
CAPTION:yeah, they're off.
LOPEZ:ese es porque puedo contestarle.
CAPTION:that's why i can answer you.
SIMMONS:okay, good. if there's no room, we'll just leave lopez. he's pretty much expendable. and they won't be able to get any info outta him anyway.
DONUT:i feel bad about it though. he's been so loyal.
SIMMONS:so what, he's a robot. he has to be loyal. dogs are loyal too, but that doesn't mean you can't eat them when you're stranded in an arctic outpost and command can't get rations through because of a seasonal blizzard.
DONUT:that seems like a very specific example.
SIMMONS:i don't wanna talk about it. hey lopez, you can turn your ears back on now.
LOPEZ:click
CAPTION:click
LOPEZ:oh, puedo or otra vez.
CAPTION:oh, i can hear again.
LOPEZ:un que milagro.
CAPTION:what a fucking miracle.
CHURCH:what- halt, cease! abort dot move. fuck.
CABOOSE:church, wait.
CHURCH:wait? i can't wait, i'm moving on my own. which i realize doesn't make sense when i say it out loud. oh hey look, i figured out how to stop!
TUCKER:wow, you figured out how to not move? you're a genius.
CHURCH:oh check this out, i can go backwards too. zhoop!
TUCKER:oh, well now you're just bragging.
CHURCH:well it's important to me, asshole.
CABOOSE:i'm impressed. i can't go backwards.
CHURCH:stop patronizing me.
TUCKER:well, he's definitely starting to remember you.
CHURCH:i already know caboose. he's the only guy that would talk to me when i was in storage.
TUCKER:you remembering anything else?
CHURCH:i don't know, it's- fuzzy, for some reason. maybe there's a file, or some kinda database i can access in here. give me a second.
TUCKER:yeah, rooting around in your brain seems like a great idea when you've barely figured out how to move on your own.
CABOOSE:um, hey uh, tucker? um yeah, uh, agent washington told me that church- uh i mean dah epsilon- is uh, a little messed up.
TUCKER:yeah, i can see that.
CABOOSE:yeah no i mean he's got some ah memories that uh he probably shouldn't access.
TUCKER:what kind of memories?
CABOOSE:uh yeah, see some people did some bad stuff to him? and uh, he's kind of repressed, uh, a lot of ah, stuff. do you know what a repressed memory is?
TUCKER:yeah caboose. i've repressed almost every moment i've spent with you. i'm actually repressing this as we speak.
CABOOSE:well thank you, that means a lot to me.
CHURCH:schematic, where the hell's a schematic, well, let's see- man, there is a lot of functions in here. i can't figure out what a tenth of these even do.
CABOOSE:is nap a function? 'cause that's my favorite- oh! also, 'eat ice cream'.
TUCKER:that is so, stupid.
CABOOSE:ah you're right, technically that is a subroutine of just plain 'eat'.
TUCKER:i wish those guys would just give up!
CHURCH:oh hey, here we go. what does this do?
TUCKER:what is this? some kind of training film?
CHURCH:yeah i guess.
CABOOSE:i love movies. do you have kramer vs. kramer in there?
CHURCH:it looks like it's teaching me how to interact with guys like-
TUCKER:oh ho ho holy shit!
CHURCH:wow! i can do that? i wanna do that, how do i do that?
TUCKER:was that a laser? that was fucking awesome.
CHURCH:i gotta figure out how to do that!
TUCKER:no! i told you guys not to touch anything. and now you're in some floating crap, who knows what that thing can do? don't just go turning stuff on.
CHURCH:eee- what's that? i'm gonna try like huuu-uu-
TUCKER:whoa-hoa, whoa, and definitely don't turn it on while you're looking at me. that eye creeps me out anyway.
CHURCH:well maybe if i could just access my long-term memories i could figure out how these functions work.
CABOOSE:uh oh, yeah i don't know, stiya i think that maybe sounds like a bad idea? and uh i don't know if i would go-
CHURCH:uh oh.
CABOOSE:what? what happened?
CHURCH:crap. instead of turning on my long-term memory, i think i just shut off my short-term memory.
CABOOSE:oh. is that bad?
CHURCH:...huh? is what bad?
CABOOSE:your memory thing getting shut off.
CHURCH:who shut off my memory?
CABOOSE:you did.
CHURCH:i did what?
CABOOSE:shut off your memory.
CHURCH:why do you want me to shut off my memory?
CABOOSE:no, it's already shut off.
CHURCH:what is?
CABOOSE:your memory.
CHURCH:yeah what about it?
TUCKER:wow, well this is a drastic improvement. hey, you!
CHURCH:me?
TUCKER:yes, you. don't touch anything else, or try to activate any computer stuff.
CHURCH:... are you gonna answer him?
CABOOSE:did you hear that?
TUCKER:aw crap!
CHURCH:oh my god, what are we yelling about!?
TUCKER:i think they busted into the temple!
CHURCH:oh fuck, that sounds bad where's the temple?
TUCKER:jesus christ, don't let him talk to me any more.
CABOOSE AND  CHURCH:okay, don't talk to him.
TUCKER:i can't fucking believe i have two of them now.
SIMMONS:okay here's the plan: we run straight for blue base. keep your heads up, and stay in formation. lopez, you take the lead.
LOPEZ:porqu tengo que llevar?
CAPTION:why do i have to be in front?
SIMMONS:exactly. i'll follow you, lopez.
DONUT:i'll handle your rears.
SIMMONS:okay, change of plan. i'll be last, lopez, you still go out in front.
LOPEZ:por supuesto.
CAPTION:of course i'm in front.
SIMMONS:donut, you be in the middle.
DONUT:it'll be a donut sandwich. mm-mm.
SIMMONS:dammit donut, you can ruin anything.
SIMMONS:do you see anything?
LOPEZ:si viera algo, estara tirndolo, dumbass.
CAPTION:if i saw something, i would be shooting, dumbass.
SIMMONS:well keep your eyes open then.
LOPEZ:porque usted me hace preguntas si usted nunca entiende las respuestas?
CAPTION:why do you guys always ask me questions if you never understand the answers?
SIMMONS:he's white lopez. god, we've been over this.
LOPEZ:dios mo.
CAPTION:goddamn it.
DONUT:simmons- i'm scared.
SIMMONS:it's okay. we're all scared, donut.
LOPEZ:m no asusta. hice respaldos de m.
CAPTION:i'm not scared. i made back ups of myself this morning.
CABOOSE:church, wait.
SARGE:i knew it, this was a trap!
GRIF:what's a trap?
SARGE:don't you see, grif? the blues now have an advantage over us.
GRIF:what, you mean they have a decent leader?
SARGE:no, i mean they have three people and we only have two. approximately.
GRIF:you honestly believe that the blues orchestrated all of this to get a one man advantage.
SARGE:of course. they've been leading us along this entire time! it was all a diabolical scheme to get the drop on us! we just didn't see it until now. because it was so cunningly crafted.
GRIF:we're talking about the same blues here, right, there's not some, other group of blues that i haven't heard of?
SARGE:of course not!
GRIF:h-yeah, then no, you're wrong. the new dude, he's a floating ball. i don't think he even counts as a person.
SARGE:exactly. he's a wild card. we don't even know what he's capable of.
GRIF:he's a ball. he's capable of rolling. and maybe bouncing.
SARGE:peter paul and ringo, what the heck was that?
GRIF:that did not sound good.
TUCKER:did you guys hear that?
GRIF:heard what. of course we heard that, idiot.
TUCKER:aw great, i think they broke down the door.
CHURCH:what!? who would, do that thing that you said to the other thing.
GRIF:what's wrong with him?
TUCKER:he disabled his memory, or something dumb while trying to unlock this massive laser eye he's got, i don't know.
GRIF:laser?
SARGE:rrr. see.
CHURCH:who has a laser?
CABOOSE:you do.
CHURCH:i do?
TUCKER:yes.
CHURCH:that's awesome man, i feel... great about whatever it is that we're talking about.
TUCKER:caboose shouldn't you be killing him or something.
CHURCH:ow hey, cut it out.
CABOOSE:tucker did it!
CHURCH:no he didn't jackass, you did.
TUCKER:so you remember that.
CHURCH:why wouldn't i remember that?
TUCKER:you don't remember why you wouldn't remember? then i guess you're fixed, fuck it.
CHURCH:you guys never make any god damned sense.
TUCKER:yeah, that's our problem.
C.T.:over here! split up. you two, guard the entrance. don't let them out.
SARGE:i think we have more pressing issues at the moment fellas.
TUCKER:he's right.
GRIF:i thought you said they couldn't bust through the door?
TUCKER:h-when did you guys start listening to me?
SARGE:everybody grab some cover!
GRIF:shit, there's two of 'em.
SARGE:grif, don't panic. you've been trained for this.
GRIF:this, i've been trained for this? being stuck in an ancient temple surrounded by mystic technology, while being hunted by aliens from another planet? this is what i've been trained for?
SARGE:okay maybe not this specifically, but elements of this, which when combined and liberally interpreted, bear a close resemblance to this.
GRIF:not even close!
SARGE:aw, just shut up and fight. today is a good day for you to die! hyaaaah!
SARGE:huh.
GRIF:look out!
TUCKER:i just need him to get a little closer.
CABOOSE:hey, church? are you doing that?
CHURCH:doing what?
CHURCH:oh cool, am i?
CHURCH:oh look i am, that's awesome!
TUCKER:what the fuck? when did you get telekinesis?
CABOOSE:you have teleportesis? can you hear what i'm thinking right now?
CHURCH:what? no.
TUCKER:my guess would be, nothing.
CABOOSE:oh my god, tucker has it too!
CHURCH:shit, look at this, this is so kickass. i wonder what other powers i have. man, i could be, the most powerful being in the entire universe. i'm like a superhero.
TUCKER:where are you going?
CHURCH:oops, uh, yeah i think i've lost control of my body again.
TUCKER:yeah, some superhero. fucking dick.
SARGE:grif, listen, we may not both make it out of this.
GRIF:what?
SARGE:if you die, i think i'm prepared to live with that. i've practiced it a lot. but there's also a chance you might survive and i won't.
GRIF:there'd be a better chance if you'd help me shoot.
SARGE:in case i don't make it, i can't help but think about all the future mistakes you're gonna make, that i'm not gonna be there to scream at you about.
GRIF:oh stop, i'm getting all teary-eyed.
SARGE:i just wanna let you know that in my bunk back at the base there's a recorder deck. i've prerecorded about fifty-seven hours of rants that should be applicable, in a variety of situations. whenever you're feeling good about yourself, i want you to play one. and always remember, somebody hates you.
CHURCH:oh hey, alien, what's up?
TUCKER:cease fire!
CHURCH:um, the alien's being weird in here.
GRIF:what's it doing?
TUCKER:no no, i've seen this before. some of the aliens worship this ancient technology. this one probably thinks church is some sorta god.
CHURCH:wow, seriously? that's pretty fucking cool.
CABOOSE:hhh- maybe that's why your name is church!
CHURCH:oh what's up praying dude? how do you like me now-
CHURCH:bip- aw!
TUCKER:doubleyou tee fuck, why did you do that? i think that's taking advantage of your diety status dude.
CHURCH:well what good is being a god if you can't smite some people? let's have fun.
VOICE:the shots came from down here!
C.T.:right, form up men!
SARGE:whoa, incoming.
CHURCH:good luck guys!
C.T.:freeze! lower your weapons.
C.T.:you... do you have any idea how much trouble you've caused me? i should kill you right here.
CHURCH:somebody's getting killed? i wanna watch.
C.T.:you activated it?
CHURCH:activated what?
C.T.:secure the relic! don't let it get away.
CHURCH:oh cool pistol, green's my favourite colour.
CHURCH:heezagerbook!
CABOOSE:church!
C.T.:yes.
SMITH:blurg!
C.T.:great shot, jones.
JONES:thanks. but it's actually pronounced jo-annis, sir.
C.T.:smith! what're you doing?!
SARGE:what's happening?
TUCKER:i think the aliens don't like their human buddies beating up on their religious artifacts.
C.T.:get out of the way.
TUCKER:let's go!
CABOOSE:wait! we need to grab church!
TUCKER:that guy in brown armor grabbed him.
C.T.:cover me until i'm clear!
SMITH:blarr.
GRIF:there he goes! everybody get in the jeep!
SARGE:we gotta get that thing turned over!
CABOOSE:i'll do it.
SARGE:wow, you are strong.
GRIF:is this thing even gonna start?
SARGE:hopefully. come on, chupababy!
CABOOSE:tucker, where are you going.
TUCKER:there's no room for me, i'll be right back!
SIMMONS:okay, look for anything that looks like a vehicle. it may have wheels, and/or seats.
LOPEZ:sabemos cules es un vehculo!
CAPTION:we know what a vehicle looks like!
SIMMONS:stay calm, don't panic.
LOPEZ:usted es el que ese que se atarita!
CAPTION:you're the one who's panicking!
DONUT:lopez is right, maybe we should panic.
SIMMONS:i'll try back here. it has to be-oh!
SIMMONS:-somewhere.
DONUT:what the heck was that? what? invisible car? that's too cool.
SIMMONS:the meta must have cloaked it.
LOPEZ:dije tan.
CAPTION:told you so.
SIMMONS:i have never seen anything like this before either lopez.
LOPEZ:cjale!
CAPTION:fuck you!
SIMMONS:okay everybody, hop in. let's get the fuck out of here.
SARGE:there he goes.
GRIF:um yeah, i see him.
SARGE:well see him faster.
CABOOSE:look out for the guys behind us.
GRIF:how can i look out for guys that are behind us?
C.T.:don't shoot at me, shoot at them!
SARGE:caboose, charge that cannon!
CABOOSE:okay! ready!
SARGE:fire!
SARGE:aim!
GRIF:the engine died!
CABOOSE:look, aliens! well they must be here to help!
SARGE:they're going after c.t. grif, get the engine started.
GRIF:uh, sarge?
SARGE:uh oh.
TUCKER:hey assholes! yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
TUCKER:fuck.
CABOOSE:cannon's charged.
SARGE:okay then fuck it, shoot 'em.
TUCKER:yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
TUCKER:fuck.
CABOOSE:cannon's charged.
SARGE:okay then fuck it, shoot 'em.
TUCKER:uh hey guys. sorry about that.
CABOOSE:tucker where did you get that?
TUCKER:oh, this is my ride. the aliens gave it to me as a gift. pretty fucking cool.
GRIF:did they give you driving lessons too?
TUCKER:no we kinda skipped that part. but it looks awesome.
C.T.:ah! move you piece of shit!
CABOOSE:there he is!
TUCKER:you guys follow him, i'll cut him off.
CABOOSE:we can't lose church.
TUCKER:we won't!
CABOOSE:you always say that, but we always do!
SIMMONS:god dammit, it won't start.
LOPEZ:el quit probablemente el arrancador.
CAPTION:he probably removed the starter. that's what i would do.
SIMMONS:hmm, it looks like he disabled the starter.
LOPEZ:realmente. nada mierda.
CAPTION:really. well, no shit.
DONUT:what do we do!?
LOPEZ:empujaremos el coche. usted hace estallar el embrague!
CAPTION:stay in there! we'll push the car. you pop the clutch!
DONUT:it's no good! we can't do anything!
LOPEZ:seriamente. solamente diez pies!
CAPTION:seriously. we only need to push it about ten meters!
DONUT:all hope is lost.
SIMMONS:oh no the meta!
LOPEZ:oh mierda.
DONUT:what're we gonna do without any ammo? we're trapped.
SIMMONS:hah, this thing always has ammo.
LOPEZ:no dar vueltas sin la energa, idiota.
CAPTION:you won't be strong enough to turn it without power.
SIMMONS:oh fuck.
LOPEZ:usted puedo convencerlo quiz colocarse delante de l.
CAPTION:(sarcastic) maybe you can convince him to stand in front of it.
SIMMONS:what?
DONUT:he said maybe you could convince the meta to stand in front of it.
SIMMONS:what a stupid plan lopez. try to actually help.
LOPEZ:seriamente. que usted entenda?
CAPTION:come on. really? that was the one thing you understood?
DONUT:i agree lopez, pencils are great.
SARGE:caboose, what're you doing back there, shoot him!
CABOOSE:okay.
GRIF:no don't shoot him, you'll stall the jeep!
CABOOSE:okay.
SARGE:grif, you drive, don't give caboose directions.
CABOOSE:okay.
SARGE:caboose, don't respond to grif!
CABOOSE:okay.
TUCKER:only one shot at this.
GRIF:jeep stalled.
SARGE:like user error!
GRIF:yeah that's what it is.
TUCKER:gotta time this, now!
GRIF:whoa. tucker look, he's still alive.
TUCKER:i'll get c.t., you guys find church.
CABOOSE:okay.
CABOOSE:church, where are you?
TUCKER:where the hell did he go?
C.T.:freeze!
TUCKER:dammit.
C.T.:tucker, i should have killed you the second i laid eyes on you. i would have been long gone if you hadn't interfered.
TUCKER:okay dude, i guess you got me, i've got nowhere to go. just tell me one thing though, who are you really, and who sent you here?
C.T.:sorry, you'll never know.
CHURCH:hey, what's up.
C.T.:what in the hell is that thing!?
C.T.:oh, son of a-
CHURCH:i am not a thing! my name is leonard church, and you will fear my laser face!
TUCKER:hoo, hell yeah! dude you just got fucked up.
CABOOSE:wow, now that was awesome.
GRIF:yeah. awesome.
TUCKER:church, how did you do that?
CHURCH:i don't really know. i just got really mad and it just kinda you know, happened.
TUCKER:can you do it again? like to the yellow guy or something?
CHURCH:i guess; not really sure.
SARGE:i got a bad feeling about this.
GRIF:for once sarge, you and i agree.
TUCKER:look guys, we need to keep our head in the game. let's get back in that temple, and close it down for good.
CABOOSE:um, guys? i think we might have a problem with that.
CHURCH:wuh oh.
SIMMONS:agent washington. it's agent washington.
DONUT:who?
WASHINGTON:stop right there.
SIMMONS:yes, we're saved.
WASHINGTON:stand down, i'll take it from here.
WASHINGTON:i said, back off.
SIMMONS:what, what's happening?
WASHINGTON:where is it?
SIMMONS:where's what? why aren't you two fighting?
WASHINGTON:the epsilon unit, i know you have it. give it to me.
LOPEZ:pens que ste su amigo?
CAPTION:i thought this guy was your friend?
SIMMONS:wait wait wait, you're working with ...the meta?
WASHINGTON:don't, make me repeat myself.
LOPEZ:qu se est entendiendo?
CAPTION:would someone explain what's going on?
DONUT:oh my god! he just shot lopez!
SIMMONS:donut?
DONUT:hey, simmons? i think he shot me too. ugh.
SIMMONS:donut! no! donut, donut are you okay? come on, breathe donut, breathe. why did you do that? what's wrong with you?
CHAIRMAN:(voiceover) now agent washington, i just have one more question for you.
SIMMONS:no, donut, come on, stay with me! stay with me donut!
CHAIRMAN:(voiceover) agent washington.
SIMMONS:don't just stand there!
CHAIRMAN:(voiceover) agent washington, are you listening to me?
WASHINGTON:hm? yes. i'm listening.
CHAIRMAN:agent washington, when you find these blue soldiers that you're talking about, what makes you think that they are just going to give you the epsilon unit when you ask them for it?
WASHINGTON:heh huh. for as long as i can remember, i've been lied to, taken advantage of, shot in the back, and left for dead. and now, i have a way out of all of this. what in the hell, makes you think, that i'm going to ask for it?
CABOOSE:oh don't! don't, don't, don't!
CABOOSE:ah crap.
SIMMONS:hm, i need to tell sarge about this.
SIMMONS:sarge, come in, this is simmons.
SARGE:grif, i do not want to discuss this any more. you need to shower on a regular basis! it's regulation.
SIMMONS:sarge, hey! sarge?
GRIF:why our suits are ventilated, they push out the stink.
SIMMONS:grif, hello? god dammit.
SARGE:you're just gonna give away our position, with those green wavy lines comin' off you.
GRIF:okay, i'll shower. occasionally.
SARGE:every day.
GRIF:every day? how can i tell how long a day is, the sun never sets around here. why the hell doesn't the sun set? shouldn't we be talking about that first?
SARGE:simmons, how'd the latest reconnaissance mission go?
SIMMONS:sarge, i have some really exciting news. i just think everyone is going to find this very very exciting.
SARGE:well, spit it out.
SIMMONS:the blues, are completely undermanned right now.
SARGE:what do you mean by "undermanned?"
GRIF:what do you mean by exciting?
SIMMONS:it looks like they have received no reinforcements after the last mission. i need to double-check my numbers, but if it's just caboose over there, that means we have a four man advantage.
GRIF:ooooh, what part do you need to double-check, is it the part where you counted their guys, or the part where you counted our guys, 'cause they both sound really tough.
SIMMONS:shut up grif, no-one's talkin' to you.
SARGE:hm, this could be strategically advantageous.
GRIF:or, maybe it was the part where you subtracted one from five; math can be hard. hey lopez!
LOPEZ:si.
GRIF:fire up your calculator unit, we got a doozy!
LOPEZ:rhr.
SARGE:we can't do that; had to remove that application in order to install a new free app i downloaded. it's a program that could be vital to the morale here at our new base!
LOPEZ:hace para e bruto ruidos.
CAPTION:i make fart noises.
SARGE:hheh heh. i don't wanna spoil it for you boys, but let's just say it's high-larious.
LOPEZ:digamos que usted es un idiota.
CAPTION:let's just say you're an idiot.
GRIF:actually, you do need to recount. we don't have five guys, we only have four.
SIMMONS:we got donut back!
GRIF:you can't count donut!
SIMMONS:why not? he's unconscious right now, but when he wakes up-
GRIF:unconscious? he's been out for three days. i think it's okay to upgrade him to comatose.
SIMMONS:well, i think we should count everyone. i'm an equal opportunity counter.
GRIF:yeah, because i'd hate to go in to battle without donut.
SIMMONS:i mean hell, if i'm counting you as a soldier, i should count the vehicles, some of the bigger rocks we have lying around here, fuck it let's give the trash can a gun.
GRIF:at least i can subtract five and one without double-checking.
SIMMONS:oh can you?
CHURCH:(sigh), great. i'm sure this'll end well.
CHURCH:hell i just can't believe that those idiots are responsible for my death. twice! it's embarrasing is what it is.
CABOOSE:oh no fire! that's bad! bad fire! bad fire go away!
CHURCH:i mean if i was killed by an alien, or a monster? or you know like some kind of sorority blowjob massacre? that i could handle.
CABOOSE:please stop burning! nothing else burn!
CHURCH:now look at this, this is my legacy? i mean what did i do in my life to deserve this?
CABOOSE:i mean it!
CHURCH:(sigh) just seems it's all gone so wrong.
TEX:well, what're you gonna do about it church?
CHURCH:do? what can i do tex, i'm dead. i'm gone.
TEX:oh, come on church, they say you're never completely dead if someone still remembers you.
CHURCH:h-yeah, but look who's left to remember me. him?
CABOOSE:oh god, now i'm burning. that's much worse than other things burning!
CHURCH:sure feels like being dead. like all the way dead. like, someone encased me in cement and then fired me in to the sun dead.
CABOOSE:oh god why does it keep chasing me!?
CABOOSE:ahh, that's nice.
CHURCH:it's just a long way back for us.
TEX:okay. so then we're done?
CABOOSE:okay, let's try that again. but with less fire on me this time!
CHURCH:nohhh, no we're not done.
TEX:well if we're not done, let's get started.
CHURCH:hey have i ever told you how helpful you are to me? i mean you're so full of fuckin' wisdom. what would i do without you?
TEX:i try my best. and you have no-one to blame but yourself.
SARGE:why hello! i'm sarge from the popular web series red vs blue.
SIMMONS:and i'm private dick simmons from the same show. recently, the red vs blue production offices suffered a major fire, that threatened to burn down an entire city block.
SARGE:hurh. allegedly.
SIMMONS:so our producers, and the judge, thought it would be a valuable service to the community if we made a psa describing what we learned from the event.
SARGE:so today, we'll be presenting red vs blue's fire safety tips.
SIMMONS:you may be asking yourself 'what is fire?' if you're asking that, it's because you're an idiot. you probably also ask things like 'what am the sky?' and 'how does eat food?' even cavemen knew what fire was you dumbass.
SARGE:and sure, you may know what fire is, but can you tell when something you own is on fire? you should look for the following signs: 1. smoke. 2. heat. 3. fire. things that're on fire typically have fire on them. it's a dead giveaway.
SIMMONS:so, what do you do if you're caught in a fire? we've assembled a quick list of tips to remember if you ever find yourself in a raging inferno.
SARGE:step 1: panic. any modern scientist will tell you that fire requires an oxygen environment to burn. that same scientist will also tell you that the human body expels carbon dioxide with every breath. so screaming and panicking will rob the flame of its vital nutrients, thus putting it out.
SIMMONS:this tactic will vary based on the size of the fire. a very small flame will only require a minor amount of panic.
CABOOSE:i am somewhat concerned that they are going to make another indiana jones movie.
SIMMONS:a medium size fire will need a moderate level of panic.
CABOOSE:did you hear that the swine flu is in australia now that can't be good.
SIMMONS:and for a five alarm situation-
CABOOSE:i just watched a cable news channel! everything is terrible!
SIMMONS:clearly not enough panic. in this case, i would recommend reading some radical political blogs as well. try doing a search for the phrase 'mayan calendar.'
SARGE:in fact, one of the largest fires in american history was at an old girls' private school. but the flames were extinguished when that dude from twilight showed up.
SIMMONS:also you may have heard that 'where there's smoke there's fire.' but actually, smoke is where fire used to be. it indicates the absence of fire.
SARGE:so just remember in a fire, head directly for the smoke.
SIMMONS:climb on the ceiling if you have to.
SARGE:also, statistics show that 95% of all fire deaths happen in a building, while only 5% happen in a vehicle.
SIMMONS:so, if your home catches fire, just head to your garage and get in your car.
CABOOSE:that's hot, hot hot.
SIMMONS:wait there for help.
CABOOSE:ah, now this is much cooler.
SIMMONS:statistically, you're far less likely to be injured.
SARGE:but what happens if you can't get up above the fire and in to the smoke? or, if you're unable to safely reach your vehicle? you're probably wondering, 'what happens if i catch on fire?' this is a serious situation.
SIMMONS:we've set up these dummies to show what happens when a person catches fire.
GRIF:wait a minute, i'm actually real.
SARGE:shut up dummy.
GRIF:ah-ha ha ha how.
SIMMONS:fire is bad in high concentration, so you want to try to dilute it as quickly as possible. try spreading the flames out by passing them to as many other people as you can.
CABOOSE:thank you! fire safety is about sharing.
GRIF:owie owie owie!
SARGE:just remember stop, drop and roll. stop next to your friends, drop them with a swift fire punch, and then roll around on them.
GRIF:put me out!
SIMMONS:this will spread the heat across many sources, quickly dissipating it.
SARGE:uh, simmons, we may have a situation here.
SIMMONS:i think you're right sir.
SARGE:well, time to practice what we preach, simmons. let's get to panicking.
SIMMONS:on it sir. aaaaaaaaaaaah!
SARGE:aoh! aaaaa! aaaah, aaaaah, a- hey, aaaaah, aaaaaah. that's a hotfoot.
SARGE:why hello. we're the actors from the popular webseries red vs. blue, and we need your help.
GRIF:yeah, it turns out the script for our next psa was entrusted to somebody, that thought it was a secret document, so we burned it. and then he ate it.
CABOOSE:i already told you, that's what we're trained to do with secret information.
GRIF:we who? who would train you to do that?
CABOOSE:oh i could tell you, but you see then i'd have to burn you and eat you. besides, i memorized the script before destroying it.
GRIF:alright then, tell us. what's the episode about?
CABOOSE:okay, picture this: we open on a huge samurai battle. but all the samurais, are really ninjas. then the giant talking dog says-
GRIF:forget it.
SARGE:gamestop has decided to help us out, by sponsoring a contest to help us find a temporary replacement.
GRIF:so, if you've always wanted to write your own red vs. blue psa, now's your chance. just check gamestop.com/halo for details on how to submit a storyline.
SARGE:the winner will have their sript produced by the red vs. blue team at... rooster, teeth productions? what the heck kinda name is that?
GRIF:just think of what an amazing opportunity this is. something you write could actually appear on the internet. how many people can say that?
SARGE:there's also prizes.
GRIF:oh, yeah. that's another reason.
SARGE:i just don't feel like in the last few scenes in the show my character has been properly motivated.
CABOOSE:uh huh.
SARGE:you know, as a thespian i feel like people need to connect with sarge's emotional core.
CABOOSE:i hear that.
LOPEZ:s. es muy difcil.
CAPTION:i agree. it can be difficult.
SARGE:why are you still in character?
LOPEZ:no mames.
CAPTION:don't fuck with my method.
CABOOSE:i feel you brother.
SIMMONS:hey guys, i got the new lines for the birthday psa.
CABOOSE:the what?
SIMMONS:for our sixth anniversary, april first.
CABOOSE:really, another birthday? it seems like we just did one last year.
SIMMONS:we have to do that annual video that says thanks to the people who like us. and to the people who don't like us it says, you know, fuck you we're not going anywhere.
LOPEZ:si vamos hacer ms lneas, nos vamos a pagar ms dinero?
CAPTION:if we're doing extra lines, does that mean we get overtime?
SIMMONS:no, and why are you still in character?
LOPEZ:no voy a decirlo otra vez.
CAPTION:i'm not going over this again.
SIMMONS:there is a small problem though. they wanted to connect the psa to the website, so they had me doing some research.
CABOOSE:that is a problem.
SIMMONS:no, i mean- are you still in character too?
CABOOSE:posibilidad.
CAPTION:possibleness.
SIMMONS:hhh, turns out, the website users have built up a total time online of over a millenia.
SARGE:millenium? you mean our users have been surfing for a thousand years?
SIMMONS:yeah, it's pretty crazy, right?
CABOOSE:wow, they are really old! oh my god are they vampires.
SIMMONS:what? no.
CABOOSE:sorry, i get it. time travellers.
SIMMONS:hhh, not individually, a thousand years collectively. and the guys on top want us to celebrate it in some way during the psa video.
CABOOSE:oh, yes, i see, since the users like to eat blood.
SIMMONS:not vampires.
CABOOSE:and since they've probably already been to all the best parties in history-
SIMMONS:not time travellers.
SARGE:okay i got it!
SIMMONS:thank god.
SARGE:to celebrate their thousand years online, we hold a big tournament for the users.
SIMMONS:sounds good sir.
SARGE:in which they fight each other to the death with ceremonial swords. cutting off each other's heads, thus absorbing the immortal powers of their opponents. winner take all, plus a free t-shirt.
SIMMONS:guys, the users are not highlanders. they got the thousand years as a group. if you add up all the time they spent online, then you get the thousand years.
SARGE:simmons, i told you no math in our videos.
SIMMONS:one of the things i thought we could do would be to compare our community's thousand years of accomplishments with the real world's accomplishments in the same timeframe.
CABOOSE:sounds great!
SIMMONS:eh, not so much. it turns out there's kind of a gap between the two.
SARGE:how big of a gap?
SIMMONS:well, depending on the thousand years of world history you look at, you have anything from the creation of philosophy, or the pyramids, or more recent stuff like the discovery of flight, or mass communication.
SARGE:what about our guys?
SIMMONS:ahour guys? well, there's a lot of pictures of cats.
SARGE:is that it?
SIMMONS:some poorly worded motivational posters, some lip-sync videos, ahand believe me there's a lot of arguments about the origins of the dharma initiative.
CABOOSE:you left out animated gifs. i love those.
SARGE:nhh, i don't know. it just seems like we could've done more.
SIMMONS:well, look at it this way sir. it only took our users six years to log a millenium of online time. and, since we're growing exponentially, who knows what new discoveries await us?
CABOOSE:you mean loldogs!
SARGE:or profiles of hot girls that are actually hot girls.
CABOOSE:or bar forums without scary people.
SIMMONS:dare to dream guys... *sniff* dare to dream.
SARGE:men, i'm afraid i have some news for you all.
SIMMONS:what kind of news sarge? bad news or good news?
SARGE:it's bad news.
SIMMONS:that's the worst kind!
GRIF:bad news, whll that's great! what is it?
SIMMONS:what're you excited about?
GRIF:well, bad news for sarge is usually good news for us like, h-hch, 'bad news fellas, we're outta ammo. no fighting today. bad news men, the chinup bar broke, boohoo. bad news troops, looks like those peace treaty talks are making progress.'
SARGE:can it grif. we've got a serious situation here. as you know, the holiday season is quickly approaching.
GRIF:it is?
SARGE:of course!
GRIF:which holiday?
SIMMONS:what do you mean which one? all of them. it's the end of the year.
GRIF:it is?
SIMMONS:yes, how could you not know that?
GRIF:what do you mean? the sun never sets around here. who even knows what day it is?
SIMMONS:you have a calendar, and a clock on the heads-up display in your helmet.
GRIF:that think just flashes twelve o-clock all the time. why do you think i'm late to everything?
SIMMONS:you're an idiot.
GRIF:and i think you're just trying to avoid the subject that the sun never changes position. how come noone ever wants to talk about this? look at it, it's not moving.
SARGE:grif, shut up.
GRIF:hey, the meeting's going slow. i'm just trying to help move things along.
SARGE:move things along? these briefings always take so much time because you go off-topic!
GRIF:we have topics?
TUCKER:wow, these guys sure have a lot of staff meetings.
CABOOSE:yeah, they're so lucky.
CHURCH:well, what're they talking about down there?
TUCKER:sounds like they're making plans for the holidays. and one of them keeps staring at the sun for some reason.
CABOOSE:oh man that is the best. i love doing that.
CHURCH:they're making holiday plans?
TUCKER:yeah.
CHURCH:we haven't really talked about what we're doing yet either. should we make some plans? like a party, or, secret santa kinda thing?
TUCKER:let's just all agree not to get each other anything.
CHURCH:yeah i'm cool with that.
SARGE:now, command has informed me that there's gonna be some mandatory holiday leave for our base.
SIMMONS:vacation?
GRIF:see i told you. his version of bad news is never bad news for us.
SARGE:not for you idiots, for me!
GRIF:you're going on vacation. what?
SARGE:i know. i'm as disappointed as you are. turns out i haven't used any of my accumulated vacation days, and the guys upstairs have ordered me to use some of my saved up time.
SIMMONS:oh, right, according to red army policy, we get a few days of leave every six months. if we don't use them, they start to stockpile. how many do you have?
SARGE:seven. hundred and eighty-nine.
SIMMONS:that would be over two years of straight vacation.
GRIF:how long have you been in the army?
SARGE:they say if i don't use them i'll make the other sergeants look bad. so i guess i have to take a couple days off next week.
SIMMONS:a couple. yeah that'll put a dent.
GRIF:i think that's a great idea. we should all take a vacation. we've been working pretty hard. we could all use a little downtime.
SARGE:grif, your whole life is nothing but downtime.
SIMMONS:yeah, to qualify for vacation, you have to work full-time. that means forty hours.
GRIF:i've worked forty hours.
SIMMONS:per week.
GRIF:what? that's crazytalk.
SARGE:besides grif you already used all your vacation time for personal days. whatever the hell that means.
SIMMONS:well, what about me sir? i haven't taken any days off.
GRIF:what a loser.
SIMMONS:well, when one of us is getting his perfect attendance medal, we'll see who's laughing then.
GRIF:hyeah, we will.
SARGE:sorry, simmons, but blind troopers don't get individual sick days. we just put 'em all into one big pool. so grif used all yours already.
SIMMONS:what?
SARGE:command feels it helps you operate more as a cohesive unit. promotes solidarity among the soldiers.
SIMMONS:and yet, it doesn't seem to be working, sir.
SARGE:noted. so, i'm off to the sunny beaches of zanzibar. oh, and i almost forgot- heh heh. i got one piece of good news too.
GRIF:uh-oh. what? did you just say good news?
SARGE:yes. in order to help the remaining troops- that's you- celebrate the holiday festivities, command has decided to temporarily relocate our unit, to somewhere mooore, seasonal.
GRIF:what do you mean by seasonal?
GRIF:welll crap.
SIMMONS:well, the base has no heater. no heater means no heat. no heat means no life. we're gonna freeze to death.
GRIF:great.
SIMMONS:we have fuel, but no igniter, so we can't start it. command thought this base might be more festive? ph, i guess our funerals might be a nice family get-together. hope they take pictures.
GRIF:simmons, i've been thinking 'bout that. since this is the holidays, command would have to let us off for religious purposes, right? i mean, if it came up.
SIMMONS:yeah, i guess that makes sense. why, do you have a religious holiday coming up?
GRIF:yeah.
SIMMONS:i didn't know that. what religion are you?
GRIF:well, that's the thing, see, i looked it up, to see which religion would give me the most days off?
SIMMONS:i don't think that's how you're supposed to determine your primary philosophical view of the universe.
GRIF:and i saw that a lot of religions do have holidays in december, but there isn't one that has more coverage than the others.
SIMMONS:coverage?
GRIF:so, i joined all of them.
SIMMONS:joined all of what?
GRIF:all religions.
SIMMONS:you joined every religion.
GRIF:yeah. i feel it a, sends a great message of tolerance and inclusion during this holiday season, and b, it means i get to take off all of december. also most of next year, and all the years after.
SIMMONS:you can't join every single religion, grif.
GRIF:says who?
SIMMONS:says the religions, it's against their rules!
GRIF:well see that's the thing, the army doesn't ask that i'm good at my religion, it just asks that i pick one. and i did pick one: i picked 'all'.
SIMMONS:grif, that is offensive on both a spiritual, and an administrative level.
GRIF:hey, that statement sounded a little intolerant to me.
SIMMONS:just help me get this panel off, i need to check the heating coils.
GRIF:can't, day of rest.
SIMMONS:hhh, what?
GRIF:today's one of my days of rest. turns out i now have six days of rest a week. very convenient.
SIMMONS:only six?
GRIF:yeah, noone covers monday. apparently it sucks universally.
SIMMONS:well, today is monday, so help me lift this panel.
GRIF:it is? no it's not.
SIMMONS:what does the calendar in your helmet say?
GRIF:... dammit, i hate mondays.
TUCKER:hey reds, are you over here?
SIMMONS:oh no, it's the blues! how did they get here?
TUCKER:we got here because of you morons! our command transferred us here because you got transferred. and now we're all freezing, thanks.
SIMMONS:oh, really. wow. yeah that, sounds bad. sorry about, that. grif, load your weapon. get ready to attack.
GRIF:sorry simmons, organized combat is against eighty-seven percent of my belief systems.
SIMMONS:grif!
TUCKER:we can hear you in there.
SIMMONS:just go away, get back to your base.
CHURCH:our base is back in valhalla where it's not freezing.
SIMMONS:you don't like the cold? what's the matter, no holiday spirit?
GRIF:you know, often the journey to enlightenment is a treacherous path, frought with hardship and-
SIMMONS:hey, you're not helping.
TUCKER:we're stuck here because of you idiots. and we're probably gonna freeze to death.
SIMMONS:yeah, well that's too- wait, your heat doesn't work also? i mean, either? i mean, yours. i mean your heat doesn't work?
CABOOSE:yeah, we don't have fuel to run it.
CHURCH:uhh, what he's trying to say is that it works fine. does yours work?
SIMMONS:uh, yes. maybe. go away!
GRIF:simmons, how can we turn away the needy during this holiday season?
SIMMONS:shut up.
GRIF:but they're cold. and hungry.
SIMMONS:well, we don't have any food, or any heat.
CHURCH:we heard that.
SIMMONS:dammit.
CHURCH:also i don't ever recall saying that we were hungry. but since you're offering, whattaya got?
TUCKER:screw it, let's just attack.
SARGE:huah.
SOLDIER:'scuse me sergeant, but i have an urgent phone call for you.
SARGE:phone call, me? are you sure?
SOLDIER:fairly, there was quite a bit of panicked screaming.
SARGE:alright, i'll be right there.
GRIF:they just blew up our warthog. no, wait, it looks okay actually. ... okay, that one got it.
SIMMONS:when sarge answers the phone, let me do the talking.
GRIF:man, that burning jeep looks really warm.
SIMMONS:don't even think about it.
SARGE:hey, what's all this about a burning jeep? i thought i told you not to burn the equipment.
SIMMONS:oh hi sir. sorry to bother you during your vacation.
SARGE:don't worry about it simmons. nothing to do around here but sunbathe all day.
GRIF:you were sunbathing in your armor? that doesn't even make sense.
SARGE:still, maybe command was right to send me away. it does feel good to get a little r&r. and r.
SIMMONS:what's the third r for sir?
SARGE:reporting! paperwork is the backbone of any good relaxation period.
SIMMONS:um, if you say so.
GRIF:incoming!
SIMMONS:i told you already, you're supposed to say that before the shells hit us.
SARGE:hey, what's going on there?
SIMMONS:command moved us to a base with no heat, and the blues are attacking us because they were moved with us. also, grif has joined every religion so that he can get more vacation days.
SARGE:i knew we should have removed that 'all of the above' checkbox from the enlistment form.
GRIF:too late.
SARGE:doh, durnt.
SIMMONS:well, now he's incapable of helping in any way whatsoever during battle.
SARGE:and how is that different from any other day?
SIMMONS:... that's a good point sir.
GRIF:incoming!
SIMMONS:dammit!
SARGE:simmons, you're in charge now. you need to take control.
SIMMONS:how!?
SARGE:think of the holiday spirit, simmons. that's why command sent you there.
SIMMONS:holiday spirit!?
SARGE:yes. don't you remember the classic holiday stories? what you wanna do is this: first, you build a big wooden baby savior. then you and grif hide in it, and place it outside the gates of blue base. when the blues take it inside their facility, you detonate that baby with a thirty ton tactical nuke, and wipe them from existence. it's a classic holiday tale.
SIMMONS:i think you're getting your stories mixed up. i was thinking of a more peaceful solution.
SARGE:peaceful? i don't like the sound of that. you know what they say, you can't spell surrender, without p-e-a-c-e.
SIMMONS:yes you can.
SARGE:can you?
SIMMONS:yeah, there's not even a p in surrender.
SARGE:can you?
SIMMONS:hhh... no sir.
SARGE:that's the holiday spirit! now get to nukin'. i gotta go, there's a limbo contest starting at 09:00. see you guys when i get back. adios.
SIMMONS:hhh, well, i guess we're on our own.
GRIF:do you want me to try to convert them to my religions?
SIMMONS:no. let's try something smarter for once.
SIMMONS:guys, hey guys cease fire, hold on a sec.
TUCKER:yeah, whaddaya want.
SIMMONS:listen guys, i know fighting is what we do, but i was thinking it's the holidays. do we really need to be fighting during the time of year when people all around the world are coming together in the spirit of brotherhood and good will?
TUCKER:actually the only reason we're fighting you guys is to try and stay warm. we're afraid if we stop we'll die of hypothermia.
SIMMONS:we're afraid of freezing too. so why don't we agree, just for a day, to set aside our differences, and work together in celebration of the season? do you think we could do that? just this once?
SIMMONS:hey, what the-
TUCKER:sorry, i had one bullet left in my clip. it seemed dumb not to use it. but yeah, we're down with the peace and brotherhood whatever thing.
SIMMONS:see, this is what can happen when we agree to work together: nobody dies.
GRIF:just do us a favor and don't tell our sergeant about this when he gets back.
TUCKER:that guy is pretty nuts.
CABOOSE:yeah, we've had some pretty crazy times fighting you guys over the years.
GRIF:yheah, remember the time sarge got possessed by that crazy a.i.?
TUCKER:hoho, or what about the time i got impregnated by that alien, ouch.
GRIF:heh ha, alien baby.
SIMMONS:hey, remember when your sister crashed that ship on donut's head?
CABOOSE:sometimes i have trouble talking to girls.
GRIF:um...
TUCKER:uh, caboose this really isn't that kind of chat by the fire. we're doing somethin' a little different here.
CABOOSE:oh.
TUCKER:yeah.
SIMMONS:so, okahay, what about that time we all got beat up by that really mean girl?
GRIF:yeah, where did you guys find her? she was kinda awesome.
CABOOSE:i was never very close to my dad. he worked a lot.
TUCKER:okay seriously caboose, you don't have to talk, it's not required.
CABOOSE:oh good, that's good.
TUCKER:happy holidays buddy.
CABOOSE:you too.
SARGE:men, as you've probably heard, there's an all new halo game coming out soon. which means we're going to have a ton of new multiplayer matches to play.
CHURCH:and the best part is, we may actually stand a chance in some of these matches. noone has played halo odst yet, or the new firefight mode, so everybody's going to be at our incredibly lousy skill level.
SIMMONS:yeheah-
GRIF:woohoo!
SIMMONS:yeah, we suck!
CABOOSE:finally someone for me.
GRIF:it's about time.
SARGE:yeah. and this time the game focuses on regular soldiers, like us. even more reason why we should finally be able to rack up some wins.
CHURCH:yep, that's right, we won't be posting our scores against you know who this time, it'll be just plain old marines.
GRIF:woohoo!
SIMMONS:yeah.
GRIF:i can fight them.
SIMMONS:yeah.
GRIF:griftastic.
CABOOSE:what's a marine?
SARGE:haha! now in order to prepare for the launch, we're gonna be having some scrimmages, and watching some training films.
CABOOSE:i love movies! and scrimmages sound delicious.
GRIF:you don't know what that word means, do you.
CABOOSE:no i don't.
SARGE:alright then, let's roll the film. see who our 'competition' is, hya heh heh heh.
GRIF:oh no, they look soo tough.
SIMMONS:whohoa, are they gonna fight all those things?
CHURCH AND  SARGE:...
GRIF:uhm, so where's the movie with the regular soldiers?
SARGE:euh, maybe i grabbed the wrong tape.
SIMMONS:dude, i hope so.
CABOOSE:i'm scared. and i don't know why.
SIMMONS:and did you see how many aliens there were?
GRIF:a lot. very many. many, aliens.
SIMMONS:we're mulitplayer guys, we don't fight aliens, don't they undestand that? we're going from fighting zero aliens, to fighting every alien.
GRIF:it was definitely a lot of aliens.
CHURCH:hey guys, i know you were disappointed about having to fight aliens, and about putting our scores up against the actual odsts.
SIMMONS:what?
SIMMONS:oh man, i forgot about that part. i guess i blocked it out.
CHURCH:well, i have good news and bad news about other people that are gonna be in the game.
SIMMONS:what?
CHURCH:yeah, the bad news is that we're also going to have to put up our firefight scores against sergeant johnson. people who preorder from gamestop can unlock him for firefight.
SIMMONS:sergeant johnson? noone told us that. there's no way we can compete now. what's the good news?
CHURCH:oh the good news isn't for us, it's for the people that preorder the game. you know, because of the sergeant johnson thing that i, just mentioned.
SIMMONS:great.
SARGE:men, it looks like i got us an early scrimmage match in odst. we'll get to do a little prep work before it's released. that'll give us a well deserved, unfair advantage.
SIMMONS:hey sarge, did you know that sergeant johnson is gonna be in this game too?
SARGE:what? he is?
CHURCH:it's true.
SARGE:sergeant johnson, eh? i haven't spoken to him in years.
CHURCH:you know him?
SARGE:i did. from my days back in sergeant school.
SIMMONS:is that even a real thing?
SARGE:heh. i remember those years fondly. all those young sergeants, so full of enthusiasm. just bristling with anticipation at the thought of strangling their first cadet. of course not everyone made that cut. the coursework was quite challenging.
SIMMONS:coursework? for drill sergeants?
SARGE:absolutely. i majored in screaming! with a minor in hoo-rah. and we all got to choose a mentor from the faculty. i chose, sergeant johnson.
CHURCH:sergeant johnson was a college professor?
SARGE:honorary professor. that man wrote a dissertation on asskicking that revolutionized the way we think about chokeholds. his chapter on ballkicking was reprinted in vanity fair.
CHURCH:why am i having a hard time believing this.
SARGE:his tutelage got me through some of my darkest hours at the academy. like the time i failed a drop and give me twenty test.
CHURCH:what happened?
SARGE:i asked for the twenty, but forgot to tell 'em to drop! ever seen an entire platoon of men doing pushups from a standing position? it ain't pretty.
GRIF:none of it sounds good.
SARGE:ah, well that's enough reminiscing. let's get ready for our scrimmage. gear up, men.
CHURCH:yeah, i have a feeling we're about to be taken to school as well.
SARGE:alright, men, this is it. odst. how's the new armor fit?
GRIF:good.
SIMMONS:yeah, awesome.
GRIF:aw, hey look, turn on your visor.
CHURCH:uh, hey sarge, you don't think sergeant johnson's gonna be part of our scrimmage today, do you?
SARGE:he is in the game, so it's a possibility. is that a problem?
CHURCH:wella- it's just there's so many legends about that guy, i mean, i once heard he took on an entire covenant battalion by himself.
CHURCH:and rumor has it, he can't be killed.
CHURCH:and my friend's cousin's neighbour told me, he has laser eyes.
CHURCH:i'm pretty sure that last one is fake though.
GRIF:i'm scared.
CHURCH:you should be. sergeant johnson is as tough as they come. they say he's as strong as an ox, and as agile as... a, smaller ox.
SARGE:what?
CHURCH:he moves like a whisper, that you only say to the wind at midnight.
SIMMONS:why would you, do that, that, doesn't make any sense.
CHURCH:he's as cunning as a fox... taking a, pottery class at a, ivy league university... that accepts foxes.
GRIF:wow, you're not really good at analogies, are you.
CHURCH:the point is, he can be anywhere, any place, at any time. ... he's right behind me right now, isn't he.
GRIF:yep.
CHURCH:oh great.
SARGE:whatever you do, don't look directly into his eyes. uh oh, too late.
DOC:come in command. come in command, this is medical officer dufresne. i have arrived at freelancer program simulation outpost seventeen. command? come in? come in, this is medical officer dufresne. i have reached fps outpost 17.
SIMMONS:hey, down here, we're over here! hey, come down here!
DOC:never mind command, i think i see the objective. stupid radio doesn't work anyway. what else is new.
DOC:holy cow, simmons! is that you?
SIMMONS:oh, hey doc. man, i didn't know they'd send you.
DOC:yeah, we got the radio call and i was the closest medic so they sent me. but i didn't know it'd be you guys! small galaxy, huh? man, we got a lotta catching up to do. so what's up, somebody hurt or what? what's going on?
SIMMONS:him.
DOC:him? um, he's dead.
SIMMONS:yeah, he is. he was shot.
DOC:um, simmons, i know it's been a while since we've seen each other, and i have increased my skill as a medic in that time, but dead is still pretty much outside my jurisdiction.
SIMMONS:man, i just didn't know they'd send you.
DOC:yeah, you said that already. hey is everything okay with you?
SIMMONS:it's not my fault doc, i- i had to make the call, they made me. they needed someone with medical training.
DOC:what're you talkin' about?
SIMMONS:i didn't mean for you to get involved, i'm sorry, really.
DOC:sorry about what?
DOC:uh oh.
WASHINGTON:he's sorry about us.
TUCKER:hey grif, what's up?
GRIF:hm? oh. hey tucker.
TUCKER:what're you doing?
GRIF:well, sarge told me to bury all the bodies from our battle...
TUCKER:that's a lotta graves. lotta holes to fill. bow chicka bow wow.
GRIF:and now i can't find 'em, because the bodies were piled up over here, by these stone pillars, and then the wind came and blew sand all over the damn things.
TUCKER:so i guess they're already buried. good job dude.
GRIF:i like the way you think.
SARGE:grif, what the hell are you doing up here? i thought i told you to bury those... bodies. what?
TUCKER:he did, he buried the shit out of them, look.
SARGE:what the- i only gave you that order five minutes ago. how'd you do it so fast? did you help him?
TUCKER:help him? dude, we've been fighting for like eight years, haven't you learned anything about me yet? i'm a lover, not a digger.
GRIF:yeheah, maybe he woulda helped me if some of the bodies were dead ladies. ...and i realise that sounded a lot creepier than what i intended.
SARGE:well, does someone wanna say a few words?
GRIF:words?
SARGE:yes, these men were soldiers. even if they were enemy soldiers, they still deserve a eulogy.
TUCKER:well don't look at me, i'm a lover not a talker. hey dude, you wanna make another sex with dead people joke?
GRIF:no, i think i hit my quota.
SARGE:well what about your buddy mister cult leader?
CHURCH:so, then was one guy, said some things to another guy, and the people liked it. and that's pretty much that.
TUCKER:it's not his fault, those aliens just worship this ancient technology. and the people who made it. huh huh what's a brother gonna do?
SARGE:who in sam hell worships technology?
GRIF:are they from the internet?
CABOOSE:yes, this is just very interesting. i understand everything that is being said. good.
TUCKER:caboose, what're you doing, get outta there.
CABOOSE:it's not fair! hya- i worshipped church, way before it was cool to worship him.
GRIF:hey, i already told you, that's still not cool. that will never, be cool. ever.
CHURCH:oh hey there guys. how's life among all the non-deities? pretty lame, i bet! pretty sure none of you've been worshipped all day long today. weak!
SARGE:dya think you guys might be milkin' this just a bit?
TUCKER:hey, do you want to tell the big group of deadly aliens that they're mistaken and he's not who they think he is?
SARGE:hm, i see your point. hey, your circular holiness! how 'bout delivering the eulogy? we're buryin' most of these guys 'cause of you anyway.
CHURCH:me? i only lasered one guy.
CABOOSE:which was awesome.
CHURCH:i know it was, right?
CABOOSE:so cool. the laser came out of your face.
TUCKER:have you been able to figure out how you did that yet?
CHURCH:no, i think it's just because i got really mad. hey, say something to make me angry. see if it happens again.
TUCKER:you're ugly and nobody likes you.
GRIF:you're annoying and your team sucks.
CABOOSE:you're round and you can't wear pants.
CHURCH:you guys came up with all that really quickly.
TUCKER:eh, it pays to be prepared. did it work? are you pissed?
CHURCH:no, i think i'm actually kinda depressed now. caboose is right. i can't wear pants.
CABOOSE:well i only said it because everyone is thinking it.
TUCKER:maybe mad makes a red laser, and depressed'll make a blue laser.
CABOOSE:well i hope we don't find out what makes a brown laser.
SARGE:you idiots shut up. hey globey, you makin' a speech or ain't ya?
CHURCH:hey sure no problem. i did a sermon just the other day that the aliens loved.
TUCKER:sermon? you just read them the setup guide to our inkjet printer.
CHURCH:yeah, and they eat that gadget stuff up. you gotta know your audience buddy.
GRIF:how is it possible that ever since caboose revived you, you can't remember anything except how to be a jackass?
TUCKER:some things are hardwired.
CHURCH:attention true believers. and... other people. we are here today to pay our final, and our first, respects, to the dearly departed. but first, i'd like you all to join me in a song, in honor of me. hm. i am the best.
SARGE AND  GRIF:skip it.
CHURCH:fine. okay, uh, in the beginning, there was darkness. and uh, and out from the darkness came a voice. and it said...
CHURCH:and it said... uh... uh-out- out from the darkness came... out from the darkness...
GRIF:is his playback skipping?
TUCKER:i don't know.
SARGE:maybe he needs a reboot. good thing i wore my boots. i'll reboot him right in the keister. hheh heh.
CHURCH:out from the darkness came uh, someone. i'll be right back.
TUCKER:uh oh, the natives are getting restless. caboose, get up there and stall 'em, i'll figure out what's going on.
CABOOSE:yes, and out of the darkness came someone! and that someone was me! yes. and i said, funerals are sad, and we should have a birthday party instead, yes! yes, let there be cake! um, hallelujah, gesundheit.
CHURCH:hey you! hold on a second, who are you? hey i'm talkin' to you, what are you deaf? what are you...
CHURCH:what?
TUCKER:church! hey church, what're you doing out here man?
CHURCH:hu-whu?
TUCKER:the aliens don't like it when you leave them alone. and i don't like it when the aliens don't like stuff.
CHURCH:did you see him?
TUCKER:who?
CHURCH:the person, from the darkness, the- no, th- that's not right, that's not right. well did you see?
SARGE:what's he talkin' about?
TUCKER:i think he's having another memory flash.
SARGE:a what?
TUCKER:random memories that keep coming back to him. he's been getting 'em more and more lately and i don't think he has any control over 'em. he gets all emo too, it's annoying. like having a chick around, but without all the fun parts of having a chick around. like bonin'!
SARGE:you should take out his memory unit and blow on it. that'll fix it.
CABOOSE:is he having more memories?
TUCKER:yep.
CABOOSE:did he remember me this time?
TUCKER:nope.
CHURCH:i saw a canyon, and uh, a waterfall. and there was some kinda dark figure there.
CABOOSE:was the dark figure me?
TUCKER:caboose, we will let you know if you come up, i promise. a waterfall, huh? that's the second time you've talked about that. yeah, but where could that be?
GRIF:uh, that sounds like our new bases.
CABOOSE:it does? it does!
TUCKER:what? caboose, why didn't you mention that the first time?
CABOOSE:um, i didn't remember it?
TUCKER:you didn't remember a waterfall? dude, that's like not remembering your first girlfriend turned out to have a dick. right grif?
GRIF:sometimes i'm sorry i even told you that story.
SARGE:hmm.
GRIF:hey sarge, what's wrong?
SARGE:i don't like this, grif.
GRIF:what, the vision?
TUCKER:it's a waterfall, it's literally impossible to forget. like girlfriend dick.
SARGE:yeah. i've never been what you'd call a "new age" kinda guy.
GRIF:you don't say.
SARGE:but this bowling ball seems to be on a heck of a roll! pun intended. what with the flying and the laser shooting and all.
GRIF:and he can lift stuff without arms. that's pretty cool.
SARGE:that too. what if there's something to this whole vision thing? we need to call simmons. find out if he's seen anything out of the ordinary.
GRIF:how? our long range radio here got destroyed, and we don't have enough signal power in the jeeps to reach him.
SARGE:i think i have an idea how to fix that.
DOC:hh, mm. ow my head. oh.
SIMMONS:doc, you're alive. good.
DOC:yeah, no thanks to you. why'd you hit me?
SIMMONS:i didn't hit you, they did.
DOC:jerks. who're they?
SIMMONS:the dark one's washington. he's a freelancer.
DOC:great. 'cause those guys are always such a blast to hang around with.
SIMMONS:the big one, we call the meta.
DOC:but rumor had it those guys were disbanded. everyone went to jail.
SIMMONS:yeah, hwell i guess they got paroled.
WASHINGTON:you two, quiet.
WASHINGTON:then you need to stop trying to use all of them. you just don't have the resources any more.
SIMMONS:meta killed a bunch of other freelancers. took their equipment.
DOC:like the invisibility?
SIMMONS:yeah, and the shield and the thing that slows down time. he also stole their a.i. fragments, but those all got wiped out. now something seems, i don't know, wrong with him.
DOC:an a.i. fragment? that i remember. hey simmons, remember that a.i. i had for a while? that thing was crazy.
DOC:yipes!
WASHINGTON:halt. meta, stop!
DOC:wyaa! simmons, help me!
WASHINGTON:you, what did you just say?
DOC:tht- tht- tht- tht tht, that i had one of your a.i. units?
WASHINGTON:stand down. you said had. where is it now?
DOC:gone.
WASHINGTON:which one?
DOC:uh, uh ub, the mean one.
WASHINGTON:its name. did you know its name?
DOC:uh, o'malley. i mean uh, omega.
WASHINGTON:well that one's been accounted for.
DOC:i-i only had it for a short time.
WASHINGTON:well then good. you know what to look for. i need a complete scan of my friend here. and i would recommend you don't use any needles. he hates needles, and we wouldn't wanna make him angry, now would we?
SARGE:alright let's try this. you ready antenna ball?
CHURCH:i told you not to call me that! and hurry it up. this metal rod isn't exactly in a comfortable place.
GRIF:hey, do you wanna find out about your vision or don't ya?
SARGE:come in valhalla outpost number one. come in! red base, do you read me? come in! give me some more power, shotput.
SIMMONS:uh, sarge? yeah, hi.
SARGE:who is this, identify yourself.
SIMMONS:it's me, simmons. sorry sir.
SARGE:how is everything going there, simmons?
SIMMONS:here? uh, fine i guess. everything's good. how 'bout you guys?
SARGE:mission is complete. we're preparing to head out soon.
SIMMONS:what was that? sorry, some static here. this radio's a little messed up. been a bit rainier here.
SARGE:i said, we're comin' back soon.
SIMMONS:oh, that's great. hey, when do you think that'll be, exactly.
SARGE:hard to say, simmons. we'll let you know.
SIMMONS:okay sarge, sounds good.
SARGE:over and out.
WASHINGTON:okay good. now get back over there.
DOC:that was your sergeant?
SIMMONS:yeah.
DOC:you think he'll come help us?
SIMMONS:noh, i couldn't say anything to him. if they come, they'll be walking sraight into a trap.
GRIF:thanks for the help.
CHURCH:yeah, whatever. i'm not gonna fly straight for a week now.
GRIF:simmons sounded good. i guess he's got everything under control.
SARGE:donut and lopez are dead and someone has taken simmons prisoner.
GRIF:what? everything sounded fine to me.
SARGE:think about it. how do you answer the radio at our base?
GRIF:thank you for calling red base, this is private grif, how may i assist you today.
SARGE:and we've drilled that since day one! simmons answered 'hi.' that was my first clue!
GRIF:so maybe he's just ups-
SARGE:he also said the radio was in disrepair. when has lopez ever let something go without the proper maintenance?
GRIF:never.
SARGE:and look at the time.
GRIF:can't, clock's broken.
SARGE:it's 17:30. and everybody knows that 17:30 is...
GRIF:donut's daily wine and cheese hour!
SARGE:i didn't hear any tinkling glasses. did you?
GRIF:you're right.
SARGE:he also mentioned that the weather was rainier. and as we all know, mt. rainier is the biggest landmass in the state of... washington.
GRIF:we do? uh uh- i mean we do!
SARGE:how many washingtons do we know?
GRIF:did he mean, agent washington?
SARGE:and who's the biggest mass we know, associated with washington?
GRIF:the meta!
SARGE:so the meta and washington have teamed up to kill donut and lopez, and now they're holding simmons and doc prisoner.
GRIF:we have to help 'em. wait, doc? ha- how do you know he's there?
SARGE:please, grif, it's so obvious. i don't wanna insult your intelligence by explaining every little detail.
GRIF:oh, uh, wuh okay.
SARGE:come on- we're going to valhalla. it's time for a rescue mission!
GRIF:rescue mission? how the hell are we supposed to fight wash and the meta?
SARGE:don't worry i have a plan. how good are the seatbelts in this new jeep?
GRIF:good, i guess.
CHURCH:valhalla, huh?
GRIF:wait, why.
WASHINGTON:doc. what did you find out in your scan of the meta?
DOC:uh, it's hard to say. he's added so much non-standard equipment to his armor i can't really get a good reading on him.
WASHINGTON:i didn't want you to run an intelligence report on him, i wanted a medical one.
DOC:his power systems are stressed from trying to maintain it all. is he missing some component that controls all this, er-
WASHINGTON:physically, is he fine, physically?
DOC:yeah, i guess.
WASHINGTON:good. next time, answer the question i ask. i'm watching you two. give me any trouble, and you're dead. don't believe me? ask your buddy about his friend, donut.
DOC:hey, he does realize that i'm the one who scanned donut's dead body, right?
SIMMONS:i think he was just making a point. hey, i have an idea. give me your scanner thing.
DOC:my scanner? why, it can't be used as a weapon.
SIMMONS:maybe it can. if i can overload the power cell, you may be able to fire an overcharged burst. it could short out the meta's sytems. either that or...
DOC:or what?
SIMMONS:huh? wha- na na na na, no or, just that, forget the or.
DOC:you were gonna say explode. weren't you.
SIMMONS:...no?
DOC:were you thinking explode?
SIMMONS:h- just give me the damn scanner.
SARGE:oh simmons... simmons! where are you? yoohoo!
WASHINGTON:looks like just one of them.
SARGE:yoohoo!
WASHINGTON:i don't know if he has it. i can't see from this far.
SARGE:siiimmons!
WASHINGTON:no, you stay here, guard these two. i'll go out there. if he gives me any trouble, just kill the prisoners and come help me.
DOC:i hope your friend doesn't give him any trouble.
SIMMONS:if he's one of my friends we don't stand a chance.
TUCKER:yo, dudes! sarge! grif! where'd you go? oh great.
CABOOSE:um, hey tucker?
TUCKER:yeah what's up dude.
CABOOSE:um, have you seen church?
TUCKER:naw, i'm looking for the red guys. looks like they fixed one of the jeeps and took off.
CABOOSE:oh. well that's not good.
TUCKER:maybe church went with them, maybe they took him, i don't know dude.
CABOOSE:oh i wouldn't say that. i don't think that would happen.
TUCKER:what? how the fuck would you know?
CABOOSE:'cause if he were gone i think some people who have been looking for him might be really mad that he's not here and we might have to explain to those people, why he's not here and those people might not like our explanation and those people might hurt us with plasma guns and plasma grenades.
TUCKER:oh. right.
CABOOSE:... i mean the aliens.
TUCKER:yeah, i figured that out.
SARGE:maroon one, maroon one, where are you?
WASHINGTON:great. this guy. freeze! stay where you are. turn around.
SARGE:well well. if it isn't our good buddy agent washington. and just what're you doing here?
WASHINGTON:don't play dumb with me sarge. i think you know why i'm here. where are the rest of your guys, where's epsilon?
SARGE:someplace safe.
WASHINGTON:you can either tell me, or you can tell the meta, back at the base.
SARGE:the meta is here?
WASHINGTON:yes. and he really wants a chance to repay you guys for all the trouble you caused him.
SARGE:i seem to recall you caused him some of that trouble yourself.
WASHINGTON:situation's changed. now drop your weapons.
SARGE:just so you know, i'm gonna want that back in a minute.
WASHINGTON:i said drop your weapons.
SARGE:all my weapons?
WASHINGTON:yes.
SARGE:you sure? maybe i could just keep the pistol. you know these things aren't quite as effective as they used to be.
WASHINGTON:drop it, now.
SARGE:well that's what people say.
WASHINGTON:good. now march.
SARGE:son, you can insult me. you can ambush me. you can even take away muh weapons. but if you think i'm gonna set one single pinky toe inside of blue base? without my shotgun... you must not know who you're dealin' with.
WASHINGTON:i said move.
SARGE:and i said, shotgun.
WASHINGTON:yes. i have your shotgun.
SARGE:no, i mean shot gun.
WASHINGTON:what is this, you think i'm gonna give you your shotgun beacuse you asked?
SARGE:i said, shotgun! shotgun dammit!
GRIF:oh, yeah, shotgun, that's my cue!
WASHINGTON:what? wait, what're you up to? what's that noise? do i hear a...
WASHINGTON:car!?
GRIF:how's my bumper taste, asshole?
GRIF:uh oh.
WASHINGTON:gah!
GRIF:uh oh. yipes! ouwaaha-
SARGE:see? told you i'd get it back.
GRIF:how 'bout next time we use a codeword, we choose something you don't say every five seconds.
SARGE:just drive, numbnuts.
WASHINGTON:huh. h-uh. nuh, wuh.
SARGE:agent wash? 
WASHINGTON:son of a bitch.
SARGE:you just got-
SARGE:gaw dammit, i messed up my one-liner.
SIMMONS:okay, now's our chance doc, hit him with an overcharge. it should overload at least one of his systems.
DOC:um, you do it.
SIMMONS:what- me? i don't even know how to fire that thing.
DOC:just pull the trigger and let go, it's super easy.
SIMMONS:no no no, you're trained with it, you should do it. go.
DOC:what if i miss? what if it doesn't do anything but make him mad? i already made it mad once and that didn't really work out very well.
SIMMONS:whuga-what- well then just, we'll improvise.
DOC:yeah i don't feel entirely comfortable with that answer.
DOC:what the heck was that?
SIMMONS:uh oh, i have a bad feeling that someone just caused him trouble.
DOC:yeuu!
SIMMONS:oh no, improvise, improvise!
CHURCH:whoa. guess they came this way. hm h-hm hm hm hm hmm.
SIMMONS:okay, now's our chance doc, hit him with an overcharge. it should overload at least one of his systems.
DOC:um, you do it.
SIMMONS:what- me? i don't even know how to fire that thing.
DOC:just pull the trigger and let go, it's super easy.
SIMMONS:no no no, you're trained with it, you should do it. go.
DOC:what if i miss? what if it doesn't do anything but make him mad? i already made it mad once and that didn't really work out very well.
SIMMONS:whuga-what- well then just, we'll improvise.
DOC:yeah i don't feel entirely comfortable with that answer.
DOC:what the heck was that?
SIMMONS:uh oh, i have a bad feeling that someone just caused him trouble.
DOC:yeuu!
SIMMONS:oh no, improvise, improvise!
DOC:uh- whng-
DOC:am i dead? am i dead?
SIMMONS:doc, you did it!
DOC:he's frozen.
SIMMONS:no, it looks like you overloaded his time distortion unit. you must have caused some kind of inversion. instead of making everything else slow, it made him slow.
DOC:huh huh, yeah! score one for the pacifist. how you like me now, meta?
SIMMONS:um, doc? i wouldn't get too close to him if i were you.
DOC:why, what's he gonna do? beat me up over the course of the next two weeks?
SIMMONS:well, technically he's not actually moving slower, he's moving at the same speed just over a longer period of time.
DOC:huh?
SIMMONS:it's relativistic. his fist still travels at the same velocity, we just view it from a faster timeframe. therefor it looks slowed down, but theoretically, it should still carry the same force.
DOC:... nah, see? it's moving slower.
DOC:waahuaa! ow!
SIMMONS:see? that's what you get for arguing with science. stupid bitch.
DOC:simmons, get me outta this wall.
SIMMONS:hmm, how do i do this...
SIMMONS:the fuck- uhh, jesus.
DOC:you're not pulling from my center.
SIMMONS:dheuh- from the center, what the fuck is the center?
DOC:get down and pull from the groin.
SIMMONS:euh-deu-kei- tsei- eih- eih- eih- eih-
DOC:let go- stop rubbing at my head. hey-
SIMMONS:eah- 
DOC:it feels like you're saving your strength. don't save your strength. hurry simmons! i think that big guy's speeding back up!
SIMMONS:oh shit. um-
SARGE:simmons, where are you? come out here!
SIMMONS:i'm here, hold on just a second! doc, it looks like i can't get you out.
DOC:yes you can! you're, you can, you haven't really tried yet!
SIMMONS:i know, you're right, i should think about the mission.
DOC:what? no! not unless this is rescue mission. i'm part of the mission.
SIMMONS:it's a noble sacrifice you're making here.
DOC:no no, i'm not sacrificing. i'm not noble. at all, listen to me, you don't wanna go i don't want you to go. i don't want you to go!
SIMMONS:i'll always remember you, bye!
DOC:start by remembering me right now! simmons!
SARGE:hurry it up!
SIMMONS:aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah- whuh? aahhhhhhhh!
SARGE:simmons, stop showing off and get in already!
SIMMONS:this isn't on purpose!
SIMMONS:no, wait wait wait! guys, guys, just slow down a little, why don't you-
SARGE:what did he say?
SARGE:grif, incoming.
GRIF:don't worry, we'll just do what we did last time.
SIMMONS:i'm pissed to hold on, but i'm scared to let go!
GRIF:look out!
SARGE:whoa.
GRIF:uh-huhh- ouh!
SARGE:that was the worst driving of all time.
GRIF:because that wasn't driving, that was flying and burning!
SARGE:touche.
SIMMONS:wuhu, wuh huh weeaha, wha- what happened, where am i?
SARGE:get ready men. remember, he can't kill all of us.
GRIF:why can't he kill all of us?
SARGE:hmm. that is a good point.
SIMMONS:whit- weehu heenu- hey, i'm okay.
SARGE:get ready.
GRIF:this is not going to be good.
CHURCH:hey guys, what's going on? man your jeep got fucked up! who's the big dude? sup gigantor?
CHURCH:whoa! you kiss your mother with that mouth?
GRIF:what're you doing here?
SARGE:who cares, just lead him out of here!
CHURCH:hey ho- where?
SARGE:anywhere that's not here.
CHURCH:hey come on big boy, follow me! look how shiny i am, woohoo!
SARGE:come on!
SIMMONS:what the fuck was that floating thing?
GRIF:we'll explain later, run.
CHURCH:come on big boy, come this way. wait a minute. i know this place. hello? somebody in there?
CHURCH:oh, shit, you scared the crap outta me.
SARGE:quick! everyone, through the hole. just sayin' that makes me miss donut.
GRIF:what're we gonna do? we can't outrun him and our jeep is destroyed.
SARGE:we have to seal the opening.
SIMMONS:do we have any grenades?
SARGE:negative, we need a plan of action.
CHURCH:hey i know he's a friend o' yours, but i gotta tell you that guy with the shiny head is kind of an asshole.
SIMMONS:well if you're here, then where's the- oh no, there's the meta! come on we have to hurry!
GRIF:i have an idea. hey, you, dipshit!
CHURCH:you talkin' to me?
GRIF:yeah, you. this is all your fault you stupid piece o' junk. you got us in this mess.
CHURCH:me? it was your friend we had to rescue.
GRIF:ah bullshit, now the meta's coming up here and he's gonna kill all of us, starting with you.
SARGE:what are you doing?
CHURCH:i wasn't even looking for you guys, i was trying to find-
SARGE:oh, i get it. can it you overgrown ornament!
CHURCH:oh, now you wanna start?
GRIF:hey, i'm not done with you yet ball bearing.
CHURCH:that's rude.
SARGE:your mother takes it in the exhaust port!
GRIF:come on simmons, help us.
SIMMONS:i don't even know what you're doing.
SARGE:your mother gets paddled like a pinball!
CHURCH:hey, let's leave mothers outta this!
GRIF:we're trying to increase the stress level.
SARGE:we need some insults!
SIMMONS:um, okay. grif, you're so fat you broke your arm and gravy came out. sarge, i find a lot of your tactical decisions to be questionable if not downright mediocre.
SARGE:not insults for us simmons, for him!
SIMMONS:i don't understand the rules of your stupid game i just got here!
CHURCH:ah, you guys are idiots.
GRIF:this isn't working. we need something to make him mad. really mad.
SIMMONS:has he seen the last episode of the sopranos yet?
CHURCH:uh oh, look out, it's the big guy! and there's-
WASHINGTON:get them meta! get them!
CHURCH:washington!
CHURCH:what? no! open it up! open it up! i have to go back!
SARGE:go back? son are you crazy? after what we just went through to get outta there?
CHURCH:no, he'll find her! don't you understand? i can't let them, get to her... furst.
GRIF:wow, i guess he ran out of juice.
SARGE:he's had a hard day. let him sleep it off. load him up, let's hit the road.
SIMMONS:so, what is this thing, like some kinda pet?
GRIF:yeah, i guess you could say that. come on, i'll fill you in.
WASHINGTON:don't worry, we'll find them again. we just need some leads. and i know exactly who to ask.
DOC:hey guys? a little help here. hello? assholes.
CABOOSE:go away, bad aliens! shoo aliens shoo! rolled up newspaper!
TUCKER:maybe you should have thought about that before you lost their all-powerful deity.
CABOOSE:i didn't lose him, he left. or maybe he lost himself. or maybe the reds took him.
CABOOSE:i don't- ow, stop that.
TUCKER:well, until the reds come back, they need somebody to blame. better you than me man.
CABOOSE:tucker, help me.
TUCKER:hyeah, dude, i don't know. i don't really wanna get in between an angry mob and their religious iconography. and i should know, i used to date an italian girl.
CABOOSE:but he's not really gone, it's all made up. you know that.
TUCKER:whoa dude, i don't know shit. that sounds like straight up blasphemy. you guys gonna put up with this shit?
ALIEN:blarg.
TUCKER:h-i know dude, that's what i'm saying. took the blarg right out of my mouth.
CABOOSE:tucker? they're going to eat me!
TUCKER:caboose shut the fuck up, they're not gonna eat you. they're just gonna persecute you and kill you, stop being such a baby.
CABOOSE:look, the reds, they're back. and they have your worshippy guy.
TUCKER:what? sarge...
SARGE:hey blue, we're back. got simmons too. where's the water can? oh also you got any more spare jeeps around here? i don't wanna get into it, but we've identified a tactical weakness in the hood of the current models. oh uh, what're you guys doing? killin' caboose? that's cool.
CABOOSE:there he is! he is the one who took church! get him.
ALIEN:rawr? rawrar.
SARGE:ruh-roh.
GRIF:how's floaty mcgee?
SIMMONS:eh you know, same old. still not working.
GRIF:is he dead?
SIMMONS:how the fuck would i know? and even if he was, would it make a difference with this guy?
GRIF:meh, prob'ly not.
SIMMONS:now we've got sand all in his ports. how'm i supposed to fix him in an environment like this?
GRIF:sounds like you have sand in your ports.
SIMMONS:why did we even come here, it's a fucking desert.
GRIF:i don't know. this is where we were before we came to get you. and where else can we go anyway? there's bad guys at our base and sarge never wants us to get far from the blues. i don't know if you've noticed this simmons, but he's a little obsessed. he still wants to get 'em back in the database so we can kill 'em. how's that goin' by the way? any progress?
SIMMONS:progress?
GRIF:it's your project.
SIMMONS:i was held captive.
GRIF:whatever dude. if sarge takes that as an excuse for not getting work done let me know. i'll get captured all the time.
SARGE:nope. they're right around this corner up here. grif and simmons, right up here, where we're walking.
GRIF:uh oh, here he comes. you're about to get busted.
SARGE:and you'll see when we get around this corner up here, we don't have any kind of floating device. no balls or spheres or anything.
SIMMONS:who's he talking to?
SARGE:you'll see, big group of aliens. we don't have anything like that at all.
GRIF:what? uh oh.
CHURCH:whah? where am i?
GRIF:sshhh, dude shut up. be quiet.
CHURCH:no, what-
GRIF:shut your hole.
CHURCH:what's happening, how did i get here?
GRIF:oh shit! ub-uh duh-
CHURCH:don't do it you fucker-
CHURCH:-rrrrrrrrrrr!
SIMMONS:what're you doing?
GRIF:shut up man, be cool.
SIMMONS:be cool?
SIMMONS:whoa! i mean, what's the four-one-one, daddy-o's? me and my homey were just, hangin' all up in here. deserts-ville. 's'all good. you know what i'm sayin', scrillas?
GRIF:what the fuck are you doing?
SIMMONS:you told me to be cool.
GRIF:right. so what the fuck are you doing?
SARGE:as you can see, we don't have your stupid rolley baloney. it's just this yellow guy, and- m.c. fonzerella over here.
SIMMONS:whatevs, y'all. you don't know me.
TUCKER:nahaha, gotcha! see, i knew they would have it.
CABOOSE:uh, i don't see him- oh my god he's invisible.
TUCKER:alright reds, what did you do with-
SARGE:book it, quadrouple-time!
TUCKER:it. dammit! i should have seen that coming. well caboose, i guess we're on our-
TUCKER:own. dammit.
CABOOSE:remain!
TUCKER:alright, i'll just go get up on top of the pillar.
GRIF:uh oh.
SARGE:grif, what're you stopping for ah nuts.
SIMMONS:what, there he is.
CABOOSE:oh no, he landed in the middle of the- uh-of of the there. the, the over there.
SIMMONS:so, let's get him.
GRIF:yeah, tell you what simmons, why don't you go get him?
SARGE:we'll secure the area here while you retrieve.
SIMMONS:hh, okay i don't have time for this.
SIMMONS:ow! you knew, didn't you.
CABOOSE:yeah, kinda.
WASHINGTON:alright doc, i wanna ask you a few questions.
DOC:where'd the red guys go? did they get away?
WASHINGTON:quiet. i'm asking you the questions, you're not asking me.
DOC:what kinda questions?
WASHINGTON:hey i just said no questions.
DOC:can i ask questions later?
WASHINGTON:doc!
DOC:what? oh that's a question, sorry. go ahead.
WASHINGTON:you know what, get him out of there, i can't talk to him like this.
DOC:what're you- stop it.
WASHINGTON:what? well, try pulling harder then.
DOC:be gentle be gentle!
WASHINGTON:grab lower, near the centre of gravity.
DOC:he's got cold hands.
WASHINGTON:try the codpiece.
WASHINGTON:oh, uh- we're all adults here.
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:no i don't wanna try.
DOC:don't repress your feelings.
WASHINGTON:i can't interrogate him like this, it's ridiculous. i can't believe i have to deal with this. what're we gonna do!?
WASHINGTON:hmm, that might work.
SARGE:heh heh. seems like all the kicking and blowing up put some life back into the little guy. that's adorable.
GRIF:why are all his blue parts green?
CABOOSE:i don't know.
DELTA:caboose, is that you?
CABOOSE:delta?
DELTA:caboose, i need you to listen, my time is brief. epsilon is not in control right now. but he will be again, shortly.
CABOOSE:great!
DELTA:perhaps not. the encounter with agent washington has jarred loose many of his memories. epsilon has not, historically coped with these memories well.
GRIF:what's that mean?
DELTA:we fear he may pursue certain memories in particular.
GRIF:who is we?
DELTA:myself and the other memories of the alpha fragments.
GRIF:what the fuck is that? who the fuck are you, and what the fuck is happening?
DELTA:epsilon may not yet be aware of our presence, but eventually he will be. we cannot hide forever. it is likely at this point he will begin the cycle again. that must not happen.
CABOOSE:what cycle. hhh! a motorcycle? a secret motorcycle it's okay you can tell me.
DELTA:he's begun to search his memories now, he is clearly looking for something.
CABOOSE:well you always did say memory is the key.
DELTA:memory is the key, caboose, but not everything that is locked is meant to be unlocked. he is coming back now. i must leave before he discovers me.
CABOOSE:but if he meets you in there then you can be friends. but not best friends. but, you know 'cause that job's, taken? but, you know, maybe acquaintences?
DELTA:if only, i, were the memory, that he's looking for.
CHURCH:what? uh, oh. hey. i must've uh, must've passed out. sorry 'bout that.
CABOOSE:church, you're back!
CHURCH:yeah, i am. hey caboose, come over here wouldjya i, need to talk to you about something.
CABOOSE:okay, where are we going?
SIMMONS:hey guys, do you ever notice blue team has, like a lot more stuff going on than us?
SARGE:yeah. boring stuff.
GRIF:nerdy stuff.
SIMMONS:yeah but i mean, all we ever talk about is food and guns.
GRIF:that reminds me, i'm hungry.
SARGE:stop complaining or i'll shoot ya in the head.
SIMMONS:hhh... good times.
TUCKER:stay away, don't touch me.
CHURCH:hey, uh caboose, you were the one who moved me from the epsilon unit to this new body, right?
CABOOSE:oh yeah. i am really good at ergonomics.
CHURCH:d'uh, do you mean, electronics?
CABOOSE:yeah, probably.
CHURCH:okay good. then i need you to come with me. i just remembered something. something that could help me.
CABOOSE:sure!
CHURCH:you don't wanna know the details?
CABOOSE:nope.
CHURCH:could be dangerous.
CABOOSE:yeaaah i have armor. it's blue.
CHURCH:alright, well, let's go then. i actually thought it would take longer to convince you. come on. i wanna get to the facility before nightfall.
CABOOSE:uh, you wanna bring the epsilon unit?
CHURCH:is it necessary to... do your thing?
CABOOSE:don't think so.
CHURCH:then who cares. leave it. where we're going, we won't need it.
DOC:um, are you sure this is a good idea!? uouhouh.
WASHINGTON:alright, give it a crank.
WASHINGTON:more power, come on, give it some gas.
WASHINGTON:almost there, just a little more...
DOC:ow!
WASHINGTON:well. that's just great.
WASHINGTON:come on, can't you get him out of there? he's just stuck in a few rocks.
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:why can't anything ever be easy? doc, i want you to tell me everything you know about the reds and blues.
DOC:you know more than me, i just got here.
WASHINGTON:hit him.
DOC:oah!
WASHINGTON:you worked with them before. do they have any hideouts, anywhere they go when they're in trouble.
DOC:i don't know.
WASHINGTON:hit him again.
DOC:ow!
WASHINGTON:did simmons say where sarge and grif were? you can either answer me, or i can have the meta beat it out of you. or, i can beat it out of you. i think i've earned it.
DOC:man, you guys are really awful at the good cop/bad cop thing. you're like, bad cop/even worse cop.
WASHINGTON:tell you what meta, let's just shoot him in the chest, see if we can pull the audio logs out of his helmet.
DOC:uh-ah- he said something about a distress call!
WASHINGTON:hit him again.
META:(something)
DOC:and sand! h-he mentioned sand!
WASHINGTON:sand...
CHURCH:alright, well, let's go then. i actually thought it would take longer to convince you. come on. i wanna get to the facility before nightfall.
SARGE:facility, eh? i knew the blues were up to somethin'. come on men, let's get after those blues! sounds like this is the big opportunity we've been waitin' for.
GRIF:you mean our opportunity to find a place to hole up until this all blows over?
SIMMONS:some place that isn't a desert?
SARGE:no! a place to finally restore the blues to command's database. get yer typing fingers ready simmons!
SIMMONS:(sigh), okay, i'll bring my carpal tunnel braces.
SARGE:if we're going to follow them we'll need a vehicle.
GRIF:well i'm sure we can grab another one from the camp down there.
SIMMONS:why do we need a vehicle, the blues are walking. i'm sure we can keep up with them on foot.
GRIF:on foot?!
SARGE:uh, simmons? we're the reds. we don't walk anywhere. we travel as the good lord intended: in the largest possible vehicle with the maximum horsepower allowed by local law enforcement. and if there's no cars available, we find the biggest, nastiest, meanest, land animal we possibly can, beat the crap out of it, and saddle that puppy up.
GRIF:on foot. shame on you simmons. shame on you.
SIMMONS:sorry.
SARGE:let's just forget you ever mentioned it.
GRIF:i think this should go on his permanent record.
SIMMONS:oh just go get the fucking jeep jackass.
TUCKER:hey, where are you guys going!? wait! gah, dammit! hey guys, listen. i know you want your supercool piece of technology back. those guys just took off. probably to look for it. if you let me go, i can track it down for you, and bring it back. no? okay then, forget it. oh my god look, a next gen smartphone! can you believe they'd leave that just layin' around?
TUCKER:fooled by the old prototype trick. classic. well, seeya bitches i'm outta here. what the- out of gas? hey uh, you guys have any gas?
TUCKER:you know what? fuck it, i'm just gonna run.
CHURCH:alright, i think this is it.
CABOOSE:this? this doesn't look like anything.
CHURCH:yeah. it's not supposed to, that's kinda the idea. come on, this way.
CABOOSE:man. you really need to clean this place up.
CHURCH:caboose!
CABOOSE:coming!
CHURCH:come on. oh yeah here we go. it's this way.
CABOOSE:my this way or your this way?
CHURCH:there is no- it's the same this way. okay yeah, this is, it. i think.
CABOOSE:it's a wall. we came all this way for a wall?
CHURCH:caboose!
CABOOSE:sorry.
CABOOSE:it's a really, great wall.
FILSS:hello. this is a private facility. visitors are not welcome. please leave immediately. or, we will be forced to take lethal measures, to ensure the safety of our property.
CABOOSE:that is great.
FILSS:you have thirty seconds to comply, or die. have a nice day!
CABOOSE:sheila? is that you?
FILSS:no. i am the freelancer integrated logistics and security system. you may call me phyllis. it is a pleasure to meet you. you now have, fifteen, seconds to live.
CHURCH:whoa. dying sounds like a bad idea. maybe we should leave.
FILSS:oh my, the director. i am so sorry, i did not recognize you sir. it has been such a long time since you have visited. you look very different.
CHURCH:talkin' to me?
FILSS:yes. you are the director of project freelancer, are you not?
CHURCH:oh uh, yeah. of course, that's- totally me. i just haven't been around because i've been, doing, you know... director stuff. can't really get into it. secret project.
FILSS:how may i assist you today?
CHURCH:can we uh... can we come in?
FILSS:certainly.
FILSS:please watch your step.
CABOOSE:kinda spooky in there.
CHURCH:yeah... why don't you go first?
CABOOSE:me?
CHURCH:well i mean, you're the one with, the gun, and everything.
CABOOSE:yeah, but the tree seemed to like you best. uh hey sheila could you-
FILSS:are you speaking to me?
CHURCH:we're just kinda used to calling you, by that name? um, maybe you should just answer him when he calls you that. probably easier for you to change than it is for him. he's kinda dumb.
FILSS:alright. i will respond to that name as well. you are the director after all.
CHURCH:right. i am.
FILSS:please watch your step. director, since you have a new visitor with you today, would you like me to run the tutorial program?
CABOOSE:yes, always run that. no seriously you need to run that. no it's, really you need to, you need to turn that-
CHURCH:yeah okay shut up dude. yes, please run the tutorial program.
CABOOSE:oh thank god.
FILSS:hello, and welcome to the freelancer off-site storage facility. project freelancer is a state of the art scientific endeavour, with one goal in mind: to ensure the security of humanity in a harsh and violent galaxy. this bunker has been constructed to guarantee the continued operation of our program, in the event of a primary facility loss. this storage area archives all the components of our freelancer simulation bases. these outposts test our agents in realistic training scenarios.
CABOOSE:yeah, we're on the blue team!
FILSS:i am sorry, i do not recognize that term. our simulation outposts are categorized into red, and (entry missing). hmm, it seems as though i have a corrupted database. i will correct that when i have more time.
CABOOSE:uheh- there's our old stuff! and there's a teleporter! man, tucker hates those.
CHURCH:don't interrupt. come on. this way.
FILSS:when the equipment is not being used, it is stored here until it can be repurposed for- oh. i guess we are moving on.
CABOOSE:well what's this?
FILSS:i am sorry, this area is restricted. only the director himself may access this entry. i am sure you understand. the nature of our experiments is such that-
CHURCH:open it.
FILSS:excuse me director?
CHURCH:i want you to open it.
FILSS:are you certain director? you never bring visitors into this-
CHURCH:i said, open it.
FILSS:alright. unlocking.
FILSS:would you like me to archive your ...personal project?
CHURCH:no. let's see everything.
FILSS:if you say so director.
SARGE:simmons, what's the status report?
SIMMONS:gumball mcjones and caboose just went into that door.
GRIF:what door? all i see is a wall.
SIMMONS:it's a secret door?
SARGE:simmons, what did i tell you about using dungeons and dragons references in combat situations?
SIMMONS:(sigh) sorry sir. it's a concealed door.
SARGE:that's better.
GRIF:how did they open it?
SIMMONS:they talked to that computer. they got it to open the door by posing as members of project freelancer. if we pose as agents, it'll probably let us in too.
GRIF:aren't agents like tough, and good at things?
SIMMONS:we all just pick a state name and call ourselves by that. you know, like agent washington. grif, name a state.
GRIF:what is this, a pop quiz? uuh, let's see, uh the manhattan. no? uhh, europe.
SIMMONS:wow. really?
GRIF:pacific ocean?
SIMMONS:stop guessing. just be agent alaska. how 'bout you sarge?
SARGE:i'll be secret agent double ohio. license to be tall in the middle, and round on both ends.
SIMMONS:and i'll be agent denial. yehehit's, because a state of denial, like the saying? you know, it's like a, i was, you know, the whole state/state thing? you know it's a, joke.
GRIF:no dude, jokes are funny.
SIMMONS:hhh, let's just go.
WASHINGTON:the recovery beacon leads here. it's weak, but i can still pick it up. ...here. meta, dig.
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:hey, i'm not gonna argue with you about this. you want a chance at that a.i.? i track, you dig. otherwise, you can wander the desert by yourself, and see if you find him on your own.
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:because i found the signal. you dig. we all have to pull our own weight.
WASHINGTON:right, and other people's weight too. just dig.
DOC:man, some people just can't take orders. am i right?
WASHINGTON:shut up, we're not friends.
DOC:can i at least get a drink of water?
WASHINGTON:shut up. i already asked you if you were thirsty before we left.
DOC:yeah we're in the desert! thirsty should be assumed.
WASHINGTON:you can drink later.
DOC:yeah, this might be a bad time to tell you that i'm sinking then.
WASHINGTON:...i hate you.
DOC:i know.
DOC:can we- what're you guys doing over there?
WASHINGTON:what the- is that c.t.? that's impossible, what's she doing out here?
DOC:what're you looking at?
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:don't bother. she didn't get an a.i., remember?
DOC:down in front!
WASHINGTON:scavenge her for equipment, see what you can...
WASHINGTON:...find.
DOC:well, this is just fuckin' great.
CABOOSE:oh my god! look at all the yous! you're everywhere! why this is like a best friend store, and this is the greatest store ever! you can have your body back! now which one do you want? i wanna buy one.
CHURCH:i'm not looking for that.
CHURCH:i'm looking, for this.
CABOOSE:oh.
WASHINGTON:alright meta, get ready.
WASHINGTON:fire!
WASHINGTON:huh, well that actually seemed to work.
DOC:...ow!
WASHINGTON:doc, how do you feel?
DOC:uh okay i guess, all things considered- hey does anybody know where we can find a good medic?
WASHINGTON:i don't get paid enough for this.
DOC:geeze, tough room.
GRIF:i told you that stupid plan wouldn't work.
SIMMONS:that's because you said your name was agent pluto!
SARGE:heh, luckily we had the old contingency plan to fall back on.
GRIF:sarge-hhh, shotgun in the face is not a contingency plan. i keep telling you that.
FILSS:hhhhhhllo, this is a private facility. hello, this is a private facility.
SARGE:don't be so quick to judge, grif. shotgun in the face can be applied in a variety of tough situations. for instance, watch how quickly it cures insubordination.
CABOOSE:oh no!
SIMMONS:what was that?
SARGE:it came from down here. come on.
WASHINGTON:i don't like this.
DOC:look, i talked to them. they're gonna draw us a map and show us where epsilon went. after that you can let me go.
WASHINGTON:you sure that's what he's doing?
DOC:well, my alien to english is a little rusty. i would suggest we get one of those translator balls, but we got enough jerks around here already.
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:i agree. we should just kill most of them, the last one left alive will talk.
DOC:wash, you just can't kill everybody you meet.
WASHINGTON:why not?
DOC:uh... well now you're putting me on the spot, i don't really have an answer for that, just seems like a bad idea though. karma?
ALIEN:rarh. blarggh.
DOC:hey, he's done drawing the map.
ALIEN:rr-rarrar, hunrarrar unhunrarrarrar.
DOC:what does it say? what does it say?
WASHINGTON:it says peace talks have broken down. now we do it our way.
CHURCH:just hold still. no don't go-
FILSS:i sense things are not going well.
CABOOSE:yes please just keep the door shut, thank you that's fine.
FILSS:i am sorry, but if the director requests the door to be opened, i am required to comply.
CABOOSE:just keep the door shut.
GRIF:caboose, is that you?
CHURCH:stop! don't move, don't move, don't-
CHURCH:hrhhh.
CABOOSE:oh! oh hello everyone!
CHURCH:stop!
CABOOSE:yes. everyone who wasn't here before is now here now. hello.
SARGE:what're you up to, blue.
CABOOSE:me? oh nothing. i'm not hiding anything behind this door.
CHURCH:uh, i wouldn't pick that up it looks expensive-
SIMMONS:euh, i think he's lying.
GRIF:what was your first clue?
SARGE:let us see what's in there.
CABOOSE:in here? oh. nothing is in here. um, well this probably isn't even a door, either. it's, probably-
SARGE:what the heck was that?
CABOOSE:oh that was me. uh, i said this isn't a door, i said it's a gong.
GRIF:a gong, what the hell is a-
CABOOSE:a gong.
CABOOSE:i'm just going to walk over this way, now, excuse me. yes, thank you. pardon me, coming through.
CABOOSE:yes excuse me, yes pardon me. excuse me, yes thank you. pardon me, coming through. yes excuse me, yes pardon me.
GRIF:um, sarge, what's the plan here?
SARGE:men, we have a perfect ambush scenario.
SIMMONS:i agree. unless wait, are we the ambushers or, the ambushees. hey, can you ambush something that's trying to beat its way through metal plating to get to you?
SARGE:okay, first, we just wait for the door to open-
GRIF:door's open.
SARGE:what the- hh?
TEX:okay. so who's first?
FILSS:alarm, security breech, level alpha. all personnel report for duty. this is not a drill.
SIMMONS:run!
GRIF:oh crap! where is she?
SIMMONS:i don't wanna die!
CABOOSE:sheila, we have to help them.
FILSS:help who?
CABOOSE:the reds! tex is attacking them, we have to stop her.
FILSS:stop agent texas? oh no, absolutely not. we should never interfere with an ongoing battlefield simulation test. our job is to observe and document.
CABOOSE:but she'll kill them.
FILSS:oh, that would be wonderful! what a successful test.
SARGE:we need to keep moving, men. come on, double-time. hell i'd settle for single-time.
SIMMONS:maybe we should just fight. i'm afraid she's gonna start picking us off one by-
SIMMONS:-one!
SIMMONS:oh man, forget this. i need to get a bigger weapon. caboose, help us!
CABOOSE:how? the computer won't let me. she's mean! this place is filled with mean ladies.
SIMMONS:push some buttons, i don't know!
CABOOSE:buttons!? oh man, i love buttons! beep bup bup boop beep bup boop.
SIMMONS:wow. that actually worked perfectly. thanks!
CABOOSE:great! how the heck did i do that?
GRIF:ow!
TUCKER:hey simmons, what the hell is going on in there?
SIMMONS:you gotta help us! do you know how to use that thing?
TUCKER:my sword? fuck yeah i know how to use it. what's to understand about swish-swish-stab? it's a fuckin' sword dude, it's not a fighter jet.
SIMMONS:just come and help me.
GRIF:wait wait wait-
GRIF:o-ho o-ho.
TUCKER:hey sweet cheeks! remember me? step away from the idiot!
SIMMONS:oh god, please don't let her see me.
CABOOSE:yes! i saved tucker! oh wait... i saved tucker.
TUCKER:caboose, what're you doing? you're messing up my plan with simmons. i was supposed to distract her for him.
SIMMONS:you ratted me out, you son of a bitch!
SIMMONS:oh shit! oh shit!
TUCKER:that was awesom- ow!
CABOOSE:um, can we use turrets on her or, some explodey firey thing?
FILSS:that would be outside the bounds of my standard safety protocols. i cannot do that.
GRIF:what do we do sarge?
SARGE:i don't know, i've never hit a girl in my life.
SIMMONS:yeah, i noticed. try harder!
GRIF:hah!
GRIF:ha-how!
SIMMONS:oh no, grif!
GRIF:yipe!
SARGE:private grif, you should be ashamed of yourself. we've run out of ammo again! that's your responsibility!
GRIF:huh. i guess this is the first time my laziness has ever saved my-
GRIF:-life! protect me cone!
SIMMONS:watch it!
GRIF:you watch it.
SARGE:you idiots, let me show you how it's done.
GRIF:nice demonstration sarge.
SARGE:ah shut up.
SIMMONS:hey guys, look up there.
TUCKER:uhh, what? hey caboose! remember when i said not to help me? forget that, i need you to help me. right now!
CABOOSE:what holds up that crate?
FILSS:mechanical controls are on the left side of the console.
TUCKER:i can't believe that worked! ...aw fuck, that didn't work!
FILSS:i knew that would not work. agent tex is a bit of a badass.
GRIF:we gotta get outta here!
SIMMONS:we'll be crushed!
TUCKER:don't worry guys, i got this. swish!
GRIF:ow! we're crushed.
TUCKER:aw fuckberries. tex, can you- oh!
TUCKER:alright, you know what, that's it. come here.
SIMMONS:oh thank god, thought i was a goner. sarge, where are you?
SARGE:rrr, what happened? i feel defeated, yet inexplicably rejuvinated.
TUCKER:swish-fuck! swoosh-fah! ah, stab- god dammit! gah! oh come on. o-aow, bullshit!
GRIF:whoa, did you see that?
SIMMONS:how would i have missed that?
TUCKER:what's the matter tex, you having trouble keeping it up? don't worry, it happens to everybody. well, not me but...
SARGE:that rocket launcher's one of the older models, right?
TUCKER:ow! ow! ahow!
SIMMONS:yeah.
SARGE:that means it's got heat seeking.
TUCKER:i didn't know that was there!
SARGE:now lock on and let her rip!
SIMMONS:oh right, i forgot about that.
TUCKER:ow, holy crap, you just don't know how to use it-
TUCKER:-bitch! dammit i hate this black stuff, what the hell is it?
GRIF:there she is!
TUCKER:huh?
SARGE:get her!
SIMMONS:wait, guys...
TUCKER:ow, come on! i'm not tex i'm a blue. i'm not the one you're fighting. leave me the fuck alone!
GRIF:she kicks hard.
TUCKER:why are you hitting me, i'm not tex.
SIMMONS:sarge, hold on, hold on!
SARGE:hm?
SIMMONS:i think that's tucker, not tex.
TUCKER:see i told you! ow-
TUCKER:-ow you fucker! why'd you do that?
SARGE:meh, force o' habit.
TUCKER:man you guys are n-ah-
GRIF:hey, watch it- whoa-
TUCKER:whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa-
GRIF:don't fall in the-
GRIF:hold still hold stil, i can see her. she's right over there by the other-
GRIF:uh oh.
TUCKER:grif, i see her.
GRIF:what is your problem with my balls?
TUCKER:whoa, who-whoa, hawhoa! aw crap.
TUCKER:o-ho, wow, right into the mount, huh? o-hoa, not even gonna buy dinner? come on, i like your style.
SARGE:simmons, what're you waiting for?
SIMMONS:they look the same, which one do i shoot?
TUCKER:ahow, shoot the one who's winning dumbass!
GRIF:ow.
SIMMONS:grif! watch it!
GRIF:uh-huh-huh.
TUCKER:ahoww, ow.
SARGE:wow, knocked the black right off ya.
TUCKER:that's racist.
SARGE:you're all clear simmons, now shoot her!
SIMMONS:fire in the hole!
TUCKER:are you fucking kidding me? run!
GRIF:oh god, not my ba-
GRIF:oh thank god. i thought i was-
GRIF:fuck!
GRIF:ooaaah! why won't you just kill me?
CHURCH:hey tex!
CHURCH:how 'bout you pick on somebody your own size?
CHURCH:ow. ow! ooow! stop it! tex, you are embarrassing me. ow! stop! ah! hey, are you gonna sit a -ah- you gonna help me or not? stop it.
SARGE:naw buddy i think you got everything under control. we'll just hang back here.
CHURCH:won't it stop!
GRIF:yeah, you've got some catching up to do.
CHURCH:the whole- stop.
SARGE:hey, what's she beating him with?
SIMMONS:i think that was his old body.
SARGE:you mean he ain't a floatin' cue ball any more?
CHURCH:aw-
SARGE:that's too bad. had a few more nicknames in my side pocket. we'll certainly miss you lord hackensack of the roundalots.
GRIF:beating him with his own body? that doesn't seem physically possible.
CABOOSE:uh-hu- we have to do something.
FILSS:i am sorry, as i said, i cannot operate outside the bounds of my standard safety protocols.
CABOOSE:what if i said... pretty please.
FILSS:private caboose, is there a reason why you don't want to use one of the standard safety protocols? in this scenario, i would strongly recommend locking down the armor of any rogue unit.
CABOOSE:wait you can do that?
FILSS:of course. armor lock is a standard safety feature since the freelancer break in.
CABOOSE:well why didn't you tell us that?
FILSS:why would i need to tell the director that? he wrote the protocol himself.
CABOOSE:oh, right. yes of course he did. um sheila, could you do the armor lunchable thing that you said?
FILSS:certainly.
FILSS:now initiating standard safety protocol. armor lockdown in progress. all units, stand by for lockdown.
CHURCH:what- what's happening? caboose what did you do to her?
CABOOSE:yes! yes! i did it! i am the biggest hero ever! i beat up the girl!
SARGE:hah hah, yes! see, that's how you do it grif; face your enemy man to man. or in your case, woefully inadequate man to woman. and then when she's distracted, use superior technology to take her out. *sniff* reminds me of prom night.
GRIF:we didn't do anything, she shut down.
CABOOSE:i am the best!
SIMMONS:uh, hey guys? what do you think that voice meant by "all units"?
SARGE:hrr, h-gr i can't move.
CABOOSE:i did it, i- not my fault! not my fault! i did not do this! the computer made suggestions! and the default option was yes!
GRIF:well this is just great.
CHURCH:what's happening? caboose! make it stop! make it-
CHURCH:st-ow! rrruh!
CABOOSE:uh, sheila, is, is my armor gonna lockdown too?
FILSS:no caboose, your helmet does not have that particular protocol installed in it. i had assumed, that was the reason why you were wearing that-
CABOOSE:yes. that is totally the reason.
WASHINGTON:well, so much for the "leave one of them alive" strategy. doc, where are you?
DOC:here!
WASHINGTON:still alive. i thought maybe you'd been killed in the battle.
DOC:no, don't worry, i'm still alive.
WASHINGTON:i didn't say i was worried. get down here, see if any of these things are still breathing.
DOC:me?
WASHINGTON:you're a medic, get- medical.
DOC:i'm a human medic. i don't even understand alien physiology.
WASHINGTON:i want you to see if they're alive, i-i don't want you to check their cholesterol levels, just get down here.
DOC:jeeze, fine. what's with the anger?
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:meta, you search the camp. see if you can find anything useful for us. any clues where epsilon went.
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:don't start with me. i've already reached my tolerance level for management issues.
DOC:he's getting fussy.
WASHINGTON:tell me about it.
DOC:maybe we should take a break.
WASHINGTON:excuse me? a break?
DOC:yeah, like a three day leave! everyone go off, recharge their mental batteries, come back refreshed, and like, ready to tackle our challenges.
WASHINGTON:h-you want a vacation.
DOC:i call it a soul sabbatical.
WASHINGTON:what are we, mailmen? this is a military mission. we don't get a vacation. we don't take sick days, we don't get paid overtime.
DOC:what, freelancers don't get overtime?
WASHINGTON:that's right, we have a job to do and we're expected to stick wit- wait. why, wh- do you?
DOC:get overtime? yheah. time and a half over forty hours, time and a half and a half after sixty.
WASHINGTON:...really?
DOC:you guys don't get that? that's crazy, you work so hard.
WASHINGTON:tell me about it.
DOC:you guys should strike.
WASHINGTON:we're not unionizing. stop instigating.
DOC:... tell me they at least match your 401k.
WASHINGTON:shut up.
META:(something)
DOC:what was that?
WASHINGTON:quiet. what did you find, meta?
WASHINGTON:hey! watch it. meta, come out here, now.
META:(something)
WASHINGTON:doc, get in there and see what he found.
DOC:which doc, there's a, is there another doc here? i know you're not talking to me. hyeah, you know, probably better if you go in? historically, i don't really have the best success rate going in caves. they tend not to work out for me. before your time, but trust me. i-uhy- you don't want any part o' that.
CHURCH:what happened? where am i?
FILSS:safety protocols were initiated. please remain calm.
CHURCH:sheila is that you?
FILSS:yes.
CHURCH:what is this place?
FILSS:your operator has been injured, or incapacitated, and you are now in recovery mode. you will remain in this state, until such time as you can be extracted by a recovery agent, or your operator regains consciousness.
CHURCH:wait- you didn't send a recovery beacon, did you? because that would be really-
FILSS:recovery beacons only arm once a unit leaves the facility. this unit has yet to leave the facility. therefore, we must first en-
CHURCH:yeah, yeah, i got it. is that tex?
FILSS:affirmative. technically she is not present in this environment, but if you would like to speak to her, i can relay communication through external channels.
CHURCH:yes, please.
FILSS:i am sorry but, she has refused the connection. she should not be able to do that.
CHURCH:yeah, that's not surprising. can you force it through?
FILSS:i can try, but i would not recommend that action.
CHURCH:because it might damage her?
FILSS:no, i have just learned that when a woman wants to be alone, it is best to leave her alone.
CHURCH:myeah, good call. hey get me outta this but uh, leave her in here until i figure out what to do with her.
FILSS:suit yourself.
CHURCH:uh... she didn't hear that did she?
FILSS:unclear.
CHURCH:i thought you weren't relaying my messages.
FILSS:recovery mode, disabled.
CHURCH:you women always stick together. man i hope she didn't hear that.
WASHINGTON:are you going in or not?
DOC:oh do i have a choice? then not, let me go with that one.
WASHINGTON:meta, get out here.
META:*something*
DOC:yeah i'm definitely gonna stick with 'not', that seemed like the best one of those two choices that you gave me.
WASHINGTON:get in there.
DOC:tell you what: put me back in the wall, i like the wall. it was cozy and it protected me. i miss my wall.
WASHINGTON:you, are utterly useless. i know we brought you along for a reason but for the life of me i can't remember what it is.
DOC:the important thing is we're becoming friends. they say the bonds of men in combat are as strong as brotherhood.
WASHINGTON:meta, get out here! please!
META:*something*
DOC:boy he sounds tense. maybe you should give him a backrub. that wouldn't be weird, right? one freelancer giving another a backrub?
WASHINGTON:aren't you trained in stress management or something, calm him down.
DOC:that only works if the person wants to be calm. i don't think he qualifies.
WASHINGTON:listen, meta. whatever you found, we can deal with it, i promise. just come out here and show me what it is.
WASHINGTON:whoa!
DOC:daen- funky buttlovin'!
WASHINGTON:oh. you found... that.
TUCKER:ho-ho god, that sucked! what was all that glowing shit?
CHURCH:sheila put us in lockdown to save us.
TUCKER:she knocked us out to help us? that makes sense.
CHURCH:hey, at least we're not getting our asses kicked okay? that's an improvement.
TUCKER:yeah, that's a good point. can't argue with results.
CHURCH:sheila, can they uh, can they hear me?
FILSS:affirmative.
CABOOSE:she said yes.
TUCKER:we heard her dipshit.
CABOOSE:i know. i just want to use the microphone. it makes me sound super loud. i'm not sure you can tell.
TUCKER:hey, where'd you get the new body?
CHURCH:long story dude, i'll tell you later.
TUCKER:eh, i know i asked but i don't really give a shit church.
CABOOSE:attention freelancer shoppers. we have special submachine guns in aisle seven.
CHURCH:sheila, please mute him.
FILSS:affirmative.
CABOOSE:this is michael j. caboose sign- aw man!
SIMMONS:sarge, where are we?
SARGE:men, i have bad news for all of us. we're dead. which in the case of grif is good news for me. but still, bad news overall.
SIMMONS:dead? i can't be dead. i still have so much to do!
GRIF:uh, like what?
SIMMONS:like... everything that doesn't involve a computer. man, it's been a real one track life for me.
GRIF:so this is the afterlife, huh? not bad. it's kind of grainy. overall i can't complain.
SARGE:this is just the stage before we move on. like purgatory.
SIMMONS:ooh, or like the last episode of lost.
SARGE:hey i haven't seen that yet! no spoilers.
SIMMONS:that show was on hundreds of years ago!
SARGE:lah, dah, dadah. don't say anything else!
SIMMONS:gimme a break.
GRIF:well, i'm going to sleep. see you losers in fourteen hours.
SARGE:grif! no napping.
GRIF:sorry sarge but you always said i could sleep when i was dead. hey and guess what, i am dead. so this purgatory is about to become purga-snory. yawn.
SARGE:grif-
CHURCH:hey reds, can you hear me?
SARGE:who in sam heck is that?
SIMMONS:is that god?
GRIF:hey almighty, can it, some of us are trying to get a little shut-eye.
SARGE:no blasphemy.
SIMMONS:what do you want god? take grif, he's been terrible. i mean great.
TUCKER:it's not god dudes, it's church. he just thinks he's god.
TUCKER:this is just what you need- more people worshipping you.
CHURCH:yah, hey listen. we wanna let you out, but we don't want you to attack us, or attack tex. okay?
SIMMONS:attack tex, she attacked us!
GRIF:fuck you guys.
SARGE:i would never hit a girl.
CHURCH:just agree and we'll let you out.
SIMMONS:hgh, fine.
GRIF:whatever.
SARGE:fuh, fucking yudedyerhrmenburburg!
CHURCH:i'm gonna assume that last one was a yes. alright let 'em out sheila!
FILSS:affirmative. ending recovery mode, red units.
SARGE:ah, my neck was killing me.
META:*something*
WASHINGTON:don't get excited, it's empty.
DOC:what is it?
WASHINGTON:this is the epsilon unit.
DOC:this is what you've been looking for?
WASHINGTON:yes.
DOC:not what i was expecting. i mean i like the colour, but other than that, nihh...
WASHINGTON:clearly they transferred epsilon into that floating thing we saw.
DOC:you saw a floating thing?
WASHINGTON:yes, like a metal eye. it shot a laser at us.
DOC:yeah, okay. hey wash, this sun is really hot, maybe we should find you some shade.
WASHINGTON:i'm not hallucinating, meta saw it too.
META:*something*
WASHINGTON:oh yes you did! don't even try that.
DOC:wash, do you see the floating eyeball now? is he here with us?
WASHINGTON:don't psychoanalyze me.
DOC:i'd like to talk to the laser eye for a minute wash.
WASHINGTON:shut up. meta, let's convert this to a recovery unit. but be careful, this thing looks like it's in bad shape.
META:*something*
DOC:what's he doing?
WASHINGTON:this is a storage unit, but we're trained to modify them. we can change a storage unit into a capture unit. that way, the next time we see epsilon, he won't get away.
DOC:are you talking about the regular epsilon, or the epsilon who's just a floating head and visits you when you're alone.
WASHINGTON:i'm not crazy. and it was just the eye that was floating around, not a whole head.
DOC:yes wash, because the whole head is what makes it crazy.
CHURCH:i'm waking her up.
SARGE:no way buddy. you must have missed the smashfest we just went through. i ain't repeating that.
CHURCH:hey, we made a deal: i unlock you, you have to help me with her.
GRIF:hey, now hold on a second.
SIMMONS:this affects the entire group. i say we put it to a vote. all those in favor of waking her up and letting her kill us, say aye.
CHURCH:aye. caboose?
CABOOSE:present.
CHURCH:no, we're not doing that. just say aye.
CABOOSE:you. oops i mean me!
CHURCH:no; aye.
CABOOSE:church.
CHURCH:just say aye.
CABOOSE:oh, i get it, right, sorry. my left eye or my right eye?
CHURCH:he votes yes.
CABOOSE:i would also like it noted i was present.
SARGE:okay. and everyone in favor of not doing that thing and leaving her asleep and not getting killed by the person we're not going to wake up because nobody is that stupid, say nay.
SIMMONS:that was like a, quadruple negative.
SARGE:just vote.
SIMMONS:nay?
GRIF:i didn't even understand the question, so i'm just gonna say blueberry.
CHURCH:fuck it, veto, she comes out. so sheila, is there any way to turn her, only you know, partway back on?
FILSS:no, i am sorry. i can either leave her in lock, or take her out of lock. there is no in between.
TUCKER:so she's either completely asleep, or full-on bitch. sounds like my ex-wife.
CABOOSE:you were married?
TUCKER:haw-ha- gross, i hope not.
CHURCH:well, we have to do something.
GRIF:why do people always say that; we have to do something? we don't have to do anything. let's just let sleeping maniacs lie.
CHURCH:here, let me try this.
CHURCH:tex? tex, hello? can you hear me?
TEX:of course i can hear you. what do you want?
CHURCH:what do you mean 'what do i want?' the guys just wanna make sure you're not gonna, you know, beat the living shit out of them if we wake you up.
TEX:aww, what're they gonna do, cry?
CHURCH:what's wrong with you? and why did you go nuts when we woke you up?
TEX:last time i was in a place like this, i was trying to get out as fast as i could.
CHURCH:yeah, i remember.
TEX:they just got in my way. it's not my fault they can't fight.
CHURCH:okay so is that, 'i won't beat the living shit out of them any more?'
TEX:we'll see.
CHURCH:i guess that'll have to do.
TEX:but, i am, gonna deck that one with the sword for making that stupid ex-wife crack.
CHURCH:alright, that seems fair. so, we're, cool?
TEX:well, i'm cool.
CHURCH:nice to have you back tex. always a pleasure.
TEX:hey, i didn't ask to come back. apparently somebody decided they couldn't live without me.
CHURCH:i thought you would be happy, you know, being alive is typically better than being dead.
TEX:yeah. everybody always seems to know what's best for tex.
CHURCH:so this is it, you're just going to be abrasive right outta the gate? not even a thank-you?
TEX:oh i see, we're gonna make this about you for a change. how refreshing.
CHURCH:alright. i'm gonna go now. nice talking to ya.
TEX:hyeah, see ya.
TUCKER:what did she say?
CHURCH:okay, i think we got it all worked out.
GRIF:she cool?
CHURCH:as cool as she ever was.
GRIF:that does not inspire confidence in me.
CHURCH:wake her up sheila.
FILSS:affirmative.
SIMMONS:back up back up.
FILSS:ending recovery mode, all units.
TEX:uh!
CHURCH:uh, how're you feeling?
TUCKER:ow!
TEX:better now.
TUCKER:what the fuck?
CHURCH:oh riiight. i forgot to mention one thing.
WORKER:you know you're not s'posed to be breaking stuff!
WELDER:yeah, and you'll lose your security deposit.
SARGE:ah, shut up and just get to fixin'!
SIMMONS:oh, hello. pardon our dust, we're getting ready for the next episode of the popular webseries red vs. blue. as you know, i'm private dick simmons from red team.
SARGE:and i'm sarge, from the same show.
SIMMONS:we're not just getting sets ready, we're also working on ourselves. this season we have a lot of big changes. everything and everyone is getting in shape.
GRIF:huuhhuah- when can i stop doing pushups?
SARGE:when you actually do one!
GRIF:hhuh!
SIMMONS:all this preparation might seem like it's because of the fancy new moves we have this season, but that's not it at all.
WELDER:some of it is!
SARGE:shut up you!
GRIF:uuwah- one! okay, i'm done!
SARGE:grif! i told you girly pushups don't count.
GRIF:too late!
SIMMONS:another reason why we're getting in shape, is because we recently read that, according to the company that tracks online webseries, red vs. blue has the most male audience of any online show. so, that means-
SARGE:red vs. blue is the single manliest show in the entire internet.
SIMMONS:at first we couldn't believe it, but then we did a little research in our community, and sure enough, it's all super-macho dudes. like dirt410.
SARGE:you can tell he's a manly man because he's protecting his pussy. he's also wearing a headband and clobbering a ninja assassin, ski-mask, guy who hates orphanages. or something.
SIMMONS:we also found outlander21, who's got a pretty serious beard going on.
SARGE:only a manly man who looks this much like the unabomber could invent the lightbulb.
SIMMONS:and of course noone can forget dadgbe doing his freddy mercury impression.
SARGE:noone can forget, although they'd certainly like to.
SIMMONS:and here we have alsasco, in a drunken rage.
SARGE:he got that pumped up by lifting invisible dumbbells! way to go, sasco.
SIMMONS:we also encountered the user blawndee, with a pretty kickin' goatee.
SARGE:whatever cult he's in, i wanna join it! and drink the koolaid. or yoohoo. whatever they may have.
SIMMONS:we have the most puzzling username of them all. whatsername.
SARGE:the buildup of testosterone in his system, not only caused that amazing moustache to sprout on his face, it also caused him to grow a fully lit cigarette! now that's manly!
SIMMONS:i bet those tattoos really hurt milbea88 when he got them.
SARGE:and this guy. gustavo from, austin texas. yeeikes!
SIMMONS:how did that get in there? i mean, that guy who watches this show looks pretty manly. i bet he has a great personality too.
SARGE:i don't know. he looks a little scrawny to me.
SIMMONS:naw, he's just wiry. you know, he's got a high dexterity.
TUCKER:this is the worst idea for a psa ever.
DONUT:well i just wanna say, i'm totally cool with it.
TUCKER:donut, shut up you're supposed to be dead.
SARGE:the point is, when you're watching red vs. blue, be proud! you're doing the most popular thing that men can do when they're alone at their computers.
SIMMONS:well maybe the second most popular.
SARGE:thanks for watchin', studs.
GRIF:hi. i'm private dexter grif from the popular webseries red vs. blue.
SIMMONS:and i'm private simmons from the same show. many of you are probably thinking to yourself "man, i love red vs. blue, and i love purchasing red vs blue dvds for myself and several of my friends."
GRIF:but then what're you supposed to do? i mean how do you get more red vs. blue in your life?
SIMMONS:besides the t-shirts.
GRIF:right.
SIMMONS:and the action figures.
GRIF:exactly. where else can you go to get an authentic red vs. blue experience?
SIMMONS:did you know that the popular webseries red vs. blue is based on the multiplayer world of the xbox game halo? shocking, i know. not many people have heard of it.
GRIF:what's even more shocking, is that there's an entire industry based around these "video games."
SIMMONS:confused? well you should be. learning about new things can be scary, but we here at red vs. blue are ready to help you out.
GRIF:today, we present our consumer guide to the video game industry.
GRIF:step 1 is picking a video game. luckily there's lots of sites out there that rate video games for you.
SIMMONS:most reviewers offer a numerical scale from one to ten where ten is the highest, and one is the lowest. but what do the scores mean?
GRIF:scores one through six are completely irrelevant, because no game ever gets them. so, that means a game that gets a seven, is terrible.
SIMMONS:so seven is the new zero.
GRIF:eight is also a terrible game, but a terrible game that probably advertised on the review site.
SIMMONS:still very legal.
GRIF:nine-point-one is a lousy game as well. nine-point-two through nine-point-four are good. nine-point-five is great; there's nothing above nine-point-five, except for ten, which is a perfect game. and nine-point-nine, which is also a perfect game, but the reviewer doesn't like the developer because maybe he said something mean to him at a party or something.
SIMMONS:but even if the game gets a great review, is it the right game for your household?
GRIF:luckily, each game is rated for content, and broken down into several categories. first up is e, which is a game meant for anyone.
SIMMONS:next is t for teen. this may contain content more suitable for teenagers. these games are typically the least fun.
GRIF:then we have m, which means mature. this includes dismemberment by chainsaw; shotgun decapitations; decapimemberments; severed limbs jammed into assholes or other holes; liquifiations of a mammal; gouging of eyes then shooting bloody eyesockets with salted bullets; the mangler; deskinning; despining; respining with non-standard vertebrae, e.g. pork rinds; chewing swallowing and digesting of immortal souls; that thing where you tear a guy in half lengthwise, and all his guts come out; and, forced reverse urination.
SIMMONS:can we stop that fucking horn already?
GRIF:games take a long time to make, so it's hard to tell when they're coming out. but, even if the game has no release date, you can still buy it. this is called "pre-ordering."
SIMMONS:pre-ordering is where you pay for something today, and get something a lot like what you think you paid for, at some unspecified point in the future. and if you don't pre-order you might not be able to get the thing you want, because other people did pre-order. you're basically paying to make sure nothing bad happens to you on launch day.
GRIF:you may know this process by its original name: extortion. you can also attend a midnight launch, which is your way of telling the world "not only do i have nowhere better to be on a monday night, but tuesday morning is pretty much outta the picture too."
SIMMONS:you might think that just because you made it home with the game, your buying experience is over.
GRIF:au contraire.
SIMMONS:you still have dozens of purchases that you can make, thanks to the addition of dlc. you can buy extra characters and weapons, and all sorts of addons that make the game great. you know, we like dlc so much, we're finding ways to add it in to the rvb dvds. just think how much better scenes would be with these additional characters.
SIMMONS:hey.
GRIF:yeah?
SIMMONS:you ever wonder why we're here?
GRIF:it's one of life's great mysteries, isn't it. why ar-
SIMMONS:hey, shut up grif. it's new donut, and new sarge.
NEW SARGE:what're you two yappin' about?
SIMMONS:awesome.
GRIF:so remember kids, buying video games may seem like a scary experience, but just remember this handy guide, and you'll be happy, safe, and ready to play when the time comes.
SIMMONS:join us next time, for part 2 of our series: sequels.
GRIF:parts 3 and 4 are about that too.
SARGE:men, i've got a big announcement from command.
GRIF:aw great. i'm sure this is gonna work out well for us. let me guess sarge, they discovered a revolutionary new way for us to scrub toilets.
SARGE:nope. we're goin' home.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:what?
SARGE:just got the message from command. we all get to go home.
GRIF:are you sure sarge? because if you're lying to me, that would be a really cruel trick. i mean even for you. and you're kind of a dick. sir.
SARGE:got our orders right here. they read, "congratulations, stop. you are all going home, stop. transports en route stop. thank you for your service stop. this message will now stop stop."
SIMMONS:did they send the message via telegram?
GRIF:who cares simmons we're going home! the war is over!
SIMMONS:it is?
GRIF:yes, didn't you hear the message?
SIMMONS:yeah, i did, did you? because it didn't say anything ab-
GRIF:there's the first transport shotgun!
GRIF:are you here to take us home?
PILOT:huh? yeah, whatever. hop on.
GRIF:i'm so excited!
PILOT:i don't care.
SIMMONS:*sigh* grif, i guess this is it. we'll never see each other again.
GRIF:i know, isn't it great?
CABOOSE:goodbye, yellow guy! we hate you!
GRIF:goodbye guys, i hate you too!
CABOOSE:aw, he's just saying that to be nice.
GRIF:thanks for the lift, soldier.
PILOT:get away from the cockpit, jackass.
GRIF:no problem bud. why'd we stop here? what is this, some kind of waystation?
PILOT:yeah something like that. bitch.
GRIF:so, where do i catch the transport home? hey, come back!
SIMMONS:grif, you made it!
GRIF:simmons, what are you doing here?
SIMMONS:this is our new base.
GRIF:new base, i thought we were going home.
SARGE:that's right grif, look! we're home!
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:look, we got back our old canyon.
SARGE:isn't it perfect!?
SIMMONS:what do you think grif? grif?
GRIF:uh- uhu- uuh... uuh.
SARGE:look he's speechless.
GRIF:uuhuh huh huh.
SIMMONS:now he's crying with joy.
SARGE:okay, well that's just taking it a bit far. that kind of emotions are unbecoming of a soldier. i can handle emotion, but i won't stand the unbridledness.
GRIF:what was that?
SIMMONS:that was your armor lock. we got more than just a new base, we got new armor and equipment too.
SARGE:i even discovered a new way to greet people.
GRIF:aah, aah, my back.
SARGE:hello! and welcome to our new home. dirtbag.
SIMMONS:come on, let me give you a tour.
SARGE:heh heh. grif must feel at home. he's already lying down on the job.
SIMMONS:see, we got all new vehicles.
GRIF:dibs on the rocket one!
SIMMONS:and the cliff is back.
GRIF:woh, too high.
SIMMONS:and here's the tele-porter!
GRIF:that'll save time on my commute.
SIMMONS:and look, there's the caves.
GRIF:spooky, yet very faithful.
SIMMONS:and here's that little nook. i don't really know what that's for.
GRIF:you can put stuff in it.
SIMMONS:check it out, there's the tree where we carved our initials.
GRIF:i don't think that was me, dude.
SIMMONS:and look, grass.
GRIF:everything seems greener than i remember.
SIMMONS:i think i might have left the sprinklers on when we left.
GRIF:that was like three years ago dude.
SIMMONS:yeah sarge is gonna be pissed when he sees the water bill. and there's the caves.
GRIF:you said caves twice.
SIMMONS:yeah, i really like the caves. the point is, it's all here. and just wait until you see what's outside the canyon.
GRIF:outside the canyon?
SIMMONS:uh oh.
GRIF:yikes!
SIMMONS:oh yeah, the blues are here too.
CABOOSE:you missed him.
CHURCH:i know.
CABOOSE:hit a rock that time.
CHURCH:i know.
GRIF:should i use my armor lock thing?
SIMMONS:no, check this out-
SIMMONS:look what i got. it's a hologram. pretty cool, huh?
CHURCH:i got him! oh, dammit. man i hate that thing.
GRIF:wow, that's pretty cool.
SIMMONS:yeah, and the best part is, now i have someone to talk to.
HOLO-SIMMONS:we have all the same interests. for instance, i love obscure comic books, and number theory.
SIMMONS:oh-ho man, those things are the best!
GRIF:suddenly it's not as cool as it was ten seconds ago.
SIMMONS:and another great thing is that the holo-simmons is available whenever i need him. the only problem is the manual says if i play with him too much i can go blind. i don't think that's true though.
HOLO-SIMMONS:yeaheah- wait, i thought you were the holo-simmons.
SIMMONS:nho, i'm the real one.
HOLO-SIMMONS:you are? but i have so many memories! my first kiss, graduation, my wife and kids! it has to be real! it has to bee! what does my life meeeean?
SIMMONS:yeah, forgot to mention, they become self-aware after a few minutes.
GRIF:that was kinda creepy.
SIMMONS:yeah, we should let bungie know about that.
GRIF:sounds like he had a better fake life than your real one.
SIMMONS:don't wanna talk about it.
SARGE:hah, seeya suckers!
CHURCH:get him, he went that way! he's got our flag!
SIMMONS:and look, sarge got a jetpack!
CABOOSE:i'll get him!
SARGE:hah hah, red team!
GRIF:where's he goin'?
SIMMONS:maybe he's taking the long way back to base.
GRIF:hey simmons, when you said "outside the canyon" before, what exactly did you mean?
SIMMONS:this place is a little... bigger now.
GRIF:big? how big?
SIMMONS:oh don't worry grif, you'll see. you'll see.
SARGE:now that's what i call a view! where the heck did i park? this place is huge. know i'm not in the traxis lot.
EAGLE:*screech*
SARGE:get outta here, stupid eagle. find your own enormous map.
EAGLE:*screeeech*
SARGE:i understand, i'm very high up, you don't need to beat me over the head with it.
SAM:wah, whoo! what the ay!
WADE:(getting out of bed) hey man, you shouldn't yell so loud... people are sleepin' and stuff.
SAM:what? what're you doing in my bed? who are you?
WADE:that's a good question man: who are we. that's somethin' we all have to answer at some point.
SAM:wait a minute, this isn't my apartment. how did i get here?
WADE:don't know, not my house man. must've been a great party though, right?
SAM:you wake up in a strange bed, w- with a strange man, and your first guess is... party?
WADE:strange people in a strange bed, sounds like a party to me man.
SAM:well ah ah ah i gotta get outta here, s- so, good luck.
WADE:cool. what's your name, dude?
SAM:huh? oh it's... i don't know!
GRIGGS:wait a second. this isn't my house. ...oh well. (continues eating)
DR. CHALMERS:(thinking) i'm goin' crazy sitting here all day. and why am i here in the first place. huh. i know this isn't my couch. this couch is perfectly ridiculous.
DUTCHMILLER:hmm, mailbox. (points to the mailbox and continues walking) fantastic, hey trashcan.
CATHERINE:i don't know who you are, but you are so pretty. and it is such a pleasure to meet other good looking people just like you.
DUTCHMILLER:hmm, bedroom (points at the bed), nice.
DR. CHALMERS:(thinking) and look at this! i'm way too intelligent to own one of these contraptions. heh, fools, cookin' away.
DUTCHMILLER:bathroom!
DR. CHALMERS:(thinking) and i know this is not mine. why would i want some mechanized proxy jabberin' at me? who would i wanna talk to anyway? i mean really.
DUTCHMILLER:there's the living room (points toward the room he's in, and continues walking to the dining room), and dining room (points at the dining room table), fantastic.
TOVAR:(thick european accent) what did yai forget besides name, hemmm. yahai, is garbage day!
TOVAR:no.
NIKKI:hellooo. is anybody here? what's going on here. who am i, and why am i talking to myself.
DUTCHMILLER:hmm... i have no idea where i am. ahuah.
DR. CHALMERS:(thinking) that's checkmate, on myself. i really need someone to talk to.
SAM:okay, i think i solved one mystery.
WADE:cool.
SAM:my name is sam.
WADE:awesome, how do you know...
SAM:well, a- apparently i'm the type of person who likes to write his own name in his underwear.
WADE:i seem to remember, someone calling me... ...durnt.
SAM:your name tag says, "my name is wade."
WADE:that's a name brand dude. my name, is definitely, durnt.
SAM:durnt?
WADE:durnt.
SAM:durrnt.
WADE:durrrrnt.
SAM:durnt?
WADE:nuuhhhh. it's got more syllables, man. dur-ur-ur-urnt.
DR. CHALMERS:hmmm. maybe they know somethin'.
SAM:durnt?
WADE:you're not sayin' it right, man.
SAM:durnt.
WADE:durnt.
DR. CHALMERS:hello young males. are you parents at home?
SAM:parents? i'm, i'm twenty-six.
DR. CHALMERS:may i remind you that people have parents regardless of their age. i myself have two.
WADE:hey, me too man.
SAM:can we help you?
DR. CHALMERS:i have a dilly of a pickle on my hands. i don't really know how to explain it.
SAM:let us guess, you don't know where you are, or how you got here.
DR. CHALMERS:are you mocking me? i find that most offensive.
SAM:in fact you can't even remember your own name.
DR. CHALMERS:that's exactly right.
WADE:...have you checked your underwear dude?
DR. CHALMERS:excuse me son? i don't engage in that kind of depraved talk.
SAM:we've been trying to figure out what's goin' on, and... in fact we, we just figured out our names.
WADE:his name is sam.
SAM:and this is wade.
WADE:durnt, dude.
DR. CHALMERS:your name is durndude?
WADE:no, durnt, ...dude.
DR. CHALMERS:... ...i need to speak to someone who can speak, please.
SAM:look, we don't really know much either, we're just trying to figure out-
DR. CHALMERS:you people are no help to me. i mean really. good, day.
SAM:wait! shouldn't we stick together?
DR. CHALMERS:why? you people don't know a thing!
SAM:you don't know anything either.
DR. CHALMERS:but i'm stuck with me, now aren't i. i mean really, hungh.
SAM:well wade, i suppose that means we're back to square one. what now?
WADE:...let's bake something.
WADE:cool! i got it right, man.
SAM:i think that was the doorbell, wade. who could this be?
WADE:even the doorbell knows how smart i am. cool house man.
DR. CHALMERS:oh, you again.
SAM:what do you mean me again? what're you doing back here?
DR. CHALMERS:(walking in past sam) don't quibble with me, huh. i have a note, huh. really, huh.
GRIGGS:(at the door) hmm.
SAM:what th-
SAM:who're all these people?
DR. CHALMERS:they, have notes too. huh.
SAM:hey, can someone tell me what the heck is going on here?
DR. CHALMERS:hey now, watch your language. let's not get ridiculous.
NIKKI:we all found these notes, telling us to come here.
SAM:from who?
DR. CHALMERS:from whom. i told you, watch your language.
DUTCHMILLER:(entering) hey party people, sorry i'm late, who's our mystery host, hum?
CATHERINE:nice suit, nice hair, i think i could make use of this one.
NIKKI:did you say something?
CATHERINE:no. of course not. damn my incredibly loud internal monologue.
NIKKI:what?
GRIGGS:what's your challenge, charlie.
TOVAR:yai am bein from nother country.
GRIGGS:yeah, probably some foreign country, like maine.
TOVAR:also yai burn down house! and burn off moustachio!
WADE:after your last party, i didn't think you'd throw another one. but i'm glad you did.
SAM:me? why would i invite these people? i don't know them.
WADE:i guess it was me. i'm forgettin' lots of stuff frank.
SAM:sam, wade.
WADE:durnt, dude.
NIKKI:what?
NIKKI:i think the t.v. just came on. by itself.
DUTCHMILLER:hey, must be tvo. fantastic.
T.V.:attention! do not attempt to alter your viewscreen device! we control the vertical and the horizontal.
WADE:whoa! i call diagonal!
DUTCHMILLER:this tvo sure is busted.
DR. CHALMERS:oh, good gravy.
T.V.:silence, organic creature!
GRIGGS:who're you callin' organic? i'll fight you, ya hippy.
NIKKI:if this is god, i don't think i believe in you. i'm apathetic.
SAM:don't you mean agnostic?
NIKKI:uhhgh, whatever.
T.V.:you are being kept here at our discretion. we control everything about how you live.
TOVAR:yai, that why yai be burning down yai house.
T.V.:no, that was all you moron.
CATHERINE:who are you, and what are we doing here?
DR. CHALMERS:and why can't we remember anything?
T.V.:silence, assorted stereotypes! all your questions will be answered in due time.
DUTCHMILLER:come on, seriously?
T.V.:no! not seriously! ...we're very secretive.
GRIGGS:i knew it! it's a conspiracy. i suspect the government.
WADE:me too man!
GRIGGS:aw, can it ya moron.
T.V.:some of our choices you will not understand, for instance food and water are now forbidden.
SAM:but water and food is what makes us go!
T.V.:oh right, what i meant was, cookies and tang are forbidden.
WADE:what? no cookies and tang? we'll be dead in three days.
LAUGH TRACK:(laughter)
CATHERINE:what, the hell, was that.
NIKKI:i was kind of hard to hear, over your internal monologue.
LAUGH TRACK:whoooooooh.
CATHERINE:nosy twit.
DUTCHMILLER:whoa, catfight.
LAUGH TRACK:whoooooooh.
TOVAR:ladies, let's settle with spinning bottle game.
LAUGH TRACK:(laughter)
SAM:now what's happening?
T.V.:you will notice many changes. some of them will be pleasurable.
WADE:dude, someone put peanut butter in my pants.
LAUGH TRACK:(light, low laughter)
T.V.:some, will not.
WADE:wait. it's just peanuts.
LAUGH TRACK:(fuller laughter)
T.V.:know this: you will never expect what to expect.
NIKKI:how predictable.
LAUGH TRACK:(chuckling)
SAM:what're you saying?
T.V.:when this transmission has ended, one of you will be dead.
LAUGH TRACK:(gasp)
DUTCHMILLER:dead?
DR. CHALMERS:dead?
TOVAR:dead?
SAM:dead?
DUTCHMILLER:did he say dead?
TOVAR:yai!
DUTCHMILLER:if this is tvo, i have to say - not such a fan.
LAUGH TRACK:(laughter)
T.V.:stay tuned for future broadcasts. transmission, over.
WADE:oh man! i hope that wasn't me that just died.
LAUGH TRACK:(healthy laughter, followed by hearty applause)
SAM:it's dead, one of the fish is dead.
GRIGGS:that fish'll be avenged.
LAUGH TRACK:(light laughter)
SAM:what did the fish do to them?
NIKKI:yeah, and the sound of the body? really scared me... not!
LAUGH TRACK:(light laughter)
SAM:oh yeah, how is wade?
WADE:oohhwww, maannn.
LAUGH TRACK:(laughter)
DUTCHMILLER:hey wadester, how 'bout some joe? i made a cup. want some?
CATHERINE:he seems, dazed and out of it.
DR. CHALMERS:back to normal then.
LAUGH TRACK:(laughter)
WADE:(under breath) grai, don.
SAM:i've never heard of someone passing out at the sight of a dead fish.
WADE:i'm very sensitive man. think globally!
LAUGH TRACK:(extended laughter)
GRIGGS:geeze, i'm going mad. i wish that stupid audience would go away.
LAUGH TRACK:(extended boos)
GRIGGS:ah shut up ya morons!
WADE:oh, mister fish, (continues under the conversation) we hardly got a chance to know you man... er... easy really.
CATHERINE:there's something i need to discuss with you.
DUTCHMILLER:huh, we're having a meeting? love it. i'll bring a flipchart!
CATHERINE:you're not very bright.
WADE:he lived how he died, man, in water.
TOVAR:scuzai, tiara. yai, everyone, good news!
LAUGH TRACK:(cheers)
TOVAR:yai found a drink!
SAM:tovar, you were s'posed to get-
LAUGH TRACK:(applause as tovar dances for no really good reason)
TOVAR:hey, yai yai yai yai yai yai yai!!!
GRIGGS:hrghrm...
TOVAR:yai, ya-yai yai yai yai yai yai, yai ya yuh ya yuh, yai all my fans i take with you on yai mouth.
SAM:tovar, you were supposed to get ice, not drinks.
TOVAR:(slurps from a can of something) aiy.
LAUGH TRACK:(chuckles)
GRIGGS:what're they laughing for him for? he's got a ridiculous haircut.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:he's very popular!
GRIGGS:shut up voice, you're worse than that stupid audience.
LAUGH TRACK:ohw...
SAM:i, suppose we could get a new fish.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:excellent.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:fish delivery!
SAM:that was fast.
SAM:it looks like our new fish really likes his place.
DR. CHALMERS:all this nonsense over a fish. they don't even appreciate it.
SAM:what do you want them to do, say thanks?
DR. CHALMERS:they should be helpin' out. contributing to the group.
SAM:they're pets!
DR. CHALMERS:exactimundo. we shouldn't be pamperin' them. we need to assess their worth.
SAM:fish.
DR. CHALMERS:we should be testing the limits of their physical capabilities. just in case we need to rely on them.
SAM:i don't think spike and sheila have physical capabilities.
DR. CHALMERS:spike and sheila, who?
SAM:our new fish.
TOVAR:yai, saman. you give name to fish?
SAM:of course.
TOVAR:no, no no no no no no no. is insult to name fish.
SAM:it's insulting to name a fish?
TOVAR:is insult to god, is insult to person, and is insult to fish. hm. heh.
DR. CHALMERS:i'm sorry tovar, but i have to agree with sam. a fish needs a name.
SAM:thank you.
DR. CHALMERS:how else you gonna indicate which one you wanna eat.
SAM:what?
DR. CHALMERS:hyou can't just say "i wanna eat, anonymous." hi mean really, huh.
SAM:i'm not plannin' on eating any of them!
DR. CHALMERS:i don't mean today, i mean once the day comes when we start to starve to death.
TOVAR:starving is like diet, with pain.
SAM:i won't ever eat them, th- they're goldfish!
DR. CHALMERS:you say that now, but wait until dimentia sets in. then you'll be singin' a different tune. the let's fire up anonymous tune.
SAM:we are not eating spike and sheila, e- ever!
TOVAR:please, no fish name. is insult to me.
NIKKI:(in the kitchen) i'm gonna go make dinner, does anyone want anything?
SAM:hey no fish.
DR. CHALMERS:he can't watch you forever, anonymous.
COMPUTER VOICE:after studying your culture for several minutes we have determined you drive best when forced to compete with one another for fabulous prizes.
CATHERINE:did someone say prizes? i'm in!
COMPUTER VOICE:according to our research in the ideal competition, you will all live together secluded in a house.
WADE:check!
COMPUTER VOICE:on a deserted island.
WADE:checkkk... i think...
COMPUTER VOICE:where you must lose weight!
WADE:check...
COMPUTER VOICE:while eating disgusting items and participating in outrageous stunts.
WADE:check check.
COMPUTER VOICE:in an attempt to prove your worth to an egotistical billionaire.
WADE:double check!
COMPUTER VOICE:all, while fulfilling your dream of finding true love.
WADE:toootally check man.
CATHERINE:(looking at dutchmiller) check and mate!
COMPUTER VOICE:due to budget constraints, we have developed a slightly less ambitious, but equally challenging competition.
DR. CHALMERS:how about a nice game of chess? i'll spot somebody a horsey guy.
COMPUTER VOICE:you will be divided in to teams. the first to cook and eat an entire plate of grilled cheese sandwiches will be the victor!
SAM:that's not a contest, that's just stupid.
TOVAR:yai, das too hard, is impossible please...
WADE:can't we just order pizza?
COMPUTER VOICE:team number one, sam.
SAM:fine. i just hope i don't get stuck with tovar.
COMPUTER VOICE:tovar.
SAM:dammit! okay, not wade.
COMPUTER VOICE:and wade.
SAM:son of a-!
COMPUTER VOICE:team number two will be all the other ones whose names i don't know yet.
DR. CHALMERS:now that's just insulting.
COMPUTER VOICE:the losers will be banished from kitchen stadium forever. battle on.
DR. CHALMERS:huh. i'm offended. i found that most offensive.
DUTCHMILLER:hey, refridgerator, fantastic.
SAM:okay guys, let's get started. i'll grab the cheese.
WADE:i'll cut the cheese.
TOVAR:i grab sand! and the wedges!
DUTCHMILLER:you know what, there's no i in "team," but there is a me if you rearrange the letters. so let's pursue a me-first dura-
DR. CHALMERS:why don't we just cook the dern sandwiches.
CATHERINE:by the way, i'm going to have to skip the eating part of the competition. too many carbs.
SAM:hey, where's nikki? and has anybody seen griggs?
TOVAR:yai, everyone, look at tovar! i have a cracklin fire for us all to enjoy.
DR. CHALMERS:sweet napalm's lovechild!
WADE:oh, no, dude. where are my marshmallows when i need 'em?
GRIGGS:(thinking) well it's fricking cold! oh man, i really gotta remember to take off my camo before i go to bed.
GRIGGS:(still thinking) gonna break out.
GRIGGS:(yet still thinking) oh, it's good.
GRIGGS:(thinking... still...) dah, perfect.
GRIGGS:(still... thinking... gargh!) ah, the right amount of bubbles.
GRIGGS:(...) uh-ghuh, time to spy on those guys next door.
GRIGGS:(i'm gonna hurt him if he doesn't actually speak soon) huh? what the hell?
GRIGGS:(really, i'll do it) gotta wash the hands, gotta stay clean.
GRIGGS:(speak! do it!) yeah blah blah blah click! (changes channel) yeah boohoo click! (changes channel, garden gnome appears on tv)
GRIGGS:(finally speaking... yes!) uh, hungh? not you, why doncha leave me alone...
GNOME:(something unintelligible)
GRIGGS:wha? i'm not crazy, you are!
GNOME:(something unintelligible)
GRIGGS:no you are!
GNOME:(something unintelligible)
GRIGGS:no you are!
GNOME:(something unintelligible)
GRIGGS:okay, agree to disagree.
GNOME:(something unintelligible)
GRIGGS:aw i can't do that, they'll know.
GNOME:(something unintelligible)
GRIGGS:alright, just this once. now shut up will ya, i can barely hear myself think.
GNOME:(something unintelligible)
GRIGGS:whaddaya mean there's not much to hear?
GNOME:(something unintelligible)
GRIGGS:oh i get it that's funny ha ha ha hey, wait a minute. stupid leprechaun.
SAM:well this was a complete disaster.
COMPUTER VOICE:team number one, how did you do.
SAM:not so great. we had a little accident during the cooking portion of the event.
TOVAR:tovar make crunching sound, when moving body, hiyai pain.
WADE:i need lotion, lots of lotion.
SAM:but we did eat all the other team's sandwiches.
COMPUTER VOICE:team number two, explain.
DR. CHALMERS:i am allergic to cheese. when i eat cheese i get backed up somethin' awful.
CATHERINE:those sandwiches just weren't on my diet.
DUTCHMILLER:cheeyeese, woof. how 'bout an alternative. hmm, i'm thinking soy curds, delish!
COMPUTER VOICE:so both teams have failed the competition. typical.
WADE:dude. next time? we should try something easier? like baked alaska, man.
CATHERINE:and how exactly is that easier?
WADE:if it's baked, i'm all for it man.
SAM:don't you ever spend any time at your house?
DR. CHALMERS:i would, but someone needs to clean up that pigsty. it's a mess, huh!
SAM:aren't you the only one who's ever been there?
DR. CHALMERS:what exactly is your point?
SAM:listen, i'm actually glad you're here, we need to talk.
DR. CHALMERS:i already told you, this is my sweater-vest.
SAM:no it's not that-
DR. CHALMERS:and it was someone else, ate your delicious, home-made chocolate cake.
SAM:someone ate my chocolate cake!?
DR. CHALMERS:now how would i know? and don't ask me about the empty milk jug either.
SAM:i think it's time we all put our heads together and try to figure out why we're here and who that weird voice is.
WEIRD VOICE SPEAKING THROUGH CHALMERS:that sounds like a terrible idea.
SAM:(gasp) wha-?
DR. CHALMERS:huh, pardon me, when i drink too much milk my voice gets all congested. huh, whoohoa, (hack, cough, wheeze)
WADE:dude. other dude. outrageous news, man!
DR. CHALMERS:ho no, did tovar get his head stuck in the dryer again?
WADE:no!
SAM:the vacuum?
WADE:nooo.
DR. CHALMERS:the garbage disposal?
WADE:no, the toaster oven. but also, there's been a murder man!
SAM AND  DR. CHALMERS:(in stereo) what?
WADE:that's right man - nikki's dead!
SAM:no not nikki!
DR. CHALMERS:which one was she? was she the one with the tiara?
WADE:uh nooo, the other one.
DR. CHALMERS:oh yeah, poor little other one. uh.
TOVAR:why is nikki, why is her, (sniff), and not someone tovar does not like, (sniff) such as, old guy? or the nerd?
SAM:she's really dead!
TOVAR:yai!
SAM:i can't believe it!
DR. CHALMERS:i can't believe she's been living here by herself. this place is huge! i got dibs on her appliances.
TOVAR:(sniff)
SAM:tovar, di- did you see what happened?
WADE:dude! we both did! we saw everything man!
WADE:tovar and i were swimming in the pool, like totally having a good time man.
TOVAR:yai, tovar is having good time!
WADE:and then nikki walked outside to join us, and she got attacked man-
TOVAR:yai i'm still having good time!
WADE:by a wild swarm of flesh eating locusts!
SAM:what?
NIKKI:oh no! locusts!
WADE:i was like "wow!"
SAM:wade, what are you talking about? it doesn't look like her skin was eaten by locusts.
WADE:oh, right, dude, i forgot. what really happened was this.
TOVAR:yai, tovar is balls of cannon!
WADE:we were swimming-
TOVAR:yai, i'm having great time swimming!
WADE:and then nikki-
TOVAR:nikki, come in pool, is fun!
WADE:was murdered by, a bolt of electricity man!
NIKKI:(being blatantly electrocuted) oh crap, electricity!
TOVAR:don't come in pool now nikki.
WADE:it was a giant explosion man, it was like barbecue everywhere man.
SAM:that can't be right either.
WADE:no, wait, i meant she drowned.
DR. CHALMERS:but you said she wasn't even in the pool.
NIKKI:oh no, cement!
TOVAR:tovar is remember, thing from space fall on head!
TOVAR:like sputnik.
SAM:oh come on...
TOVAR:or maybe she was eat by giant bunny.
TOVAR:she tried to run but it could hop...
SAM:okay, honestly, did either of you actually see what happened here?
WADE:actually no dude, we were playing that marco polo game-
TOVAR:yai.
WADE:-so like, we both had our eyes closed man.
SAM:wade, only one person is supposed to keep their eyes closed in marco polo.
WADE:dude, no wonder that game is so hard...
TOVAR:yai, (sniff), poor nike, so sad to see her die in tornado.
SAM:there was no tornado.
TOVAR:plane crash.
SAM:no.
TOVAR:circus fire?
SAM:no!
TOVAR:ah yes, (sniff), godzilla took her life.
WADE:whyyyyy?
TOVAR:by a breathing minute.
WADE:whyyyyy?
TOVAR:he totalled the scene.
WADE:why...
TOVAR:curse you godzilla! (sniff) with your green spines, and firey breath, (sniff), tovar has fiery breath too, but he takes mints now and then!
DR. CHALMERS:the dishwasher is mine!
NIKKI:things aren't always what they seem, especially when they seem like what they are. here, on strangerhood lane, the residents were finding out, that it's hard to find things out outside your residence. that's because sometimes the out of place, is in exactly the place it should be.
WADE:that does not make any sense man.
NIKKI:...what?
WADE:you're all like outside inside double-talk man, even i can tell that makes no sense man.
NIKKI:so what, this is my voice-over, i can say whatever i want.
WADE:but didn't you like die and stuff in the last episode?
GRIGGS:who does he think he's talking to?
GNOME:(something in gnome-speek)
GRIGGS:that's a good point, little short guy.
NIKKI:just because i'm dead doesn't mean i can't have a voice-over. it's called artistic license you loser!
NEWSPAPER VOICE:seriously though, he has a point, shouldn't i be the one doing the narration?
WADE:totally, dude.
NIKKI:would you shut up, annoying voice? i'm trying to create a mood here.
WADE:is confused a mood? 'cause if it is, i'm like really moody!
NEWSPAPER VOICE:ha ha ha. good one wade.
WADE:u-heh heh heh heh, hyeah man, i -don't get it.
NIKKI:ugh... let's just skip to the montage.
DUTCHMILLER:konnichiwa.
SAM:hey dutch, you'll never guess what happened to nikki. she's dead! and, you know i didn't even get a chance to-
DUTCHMILLER:oops, i've got call waiting, catherine you won't believe what i heard about nikki.
CATHERINE:ohhh, you don't say.
DR. CHALMERS:of course i know about nikki. hah, i'm in the process of taking her refridgerator right now.
WADE:oh man.
TOVAR:no, this is not sam, this is tovar.
TV VOICE:i can't believe she's dead either. she was so spunky, with the hat. i liked the way she noticed me on television.
TOVAR:no i'm talking on cell phone. here, let me move to different square. how 'bout now, i can hear you.
WADE:in the end, nikki was murdered by, a team of international superninjas with paranormal mind control ray beams man!
SAM:no she wasn't! wade, is this wade? why're you calling me on the phone? we're in the same house!
WADE:oh, right dude, my bad.
WADE:man, i sure do miss nikki though man. she was like the only one that was ever really nice to me man.
SAM:i'm nice to you... idiot.
WADE:like, remember that time we had that singing competition?
SAM:what the- wade, stop making these stupid wavy lines!
WADE:don't fight it, man.
SAM:making me dizzy.
WADE:don't fight the waviness.
WADE:my sandwich, toasted ding dong on the top
JUDGE CHALMERS:look dawg, you know you're my dawg, right? hi mean really, you're totally canine! i was feelin' it, it was hot, dawg. mmm, i felt the hot dog, but yo dawg, not big on the song choice. a little pitchy. liiittle pitchy, aight?
JUDGE NIKKI:wade, i just have to tell you that was magical. everything you do and say is like pure magic to my tone-deaf ears! when i hear you sing, i feel like i'm caught in a hit-n-run.
WADE:hexcellent.
JUDGE NIKKI:straight up!
WADE:hyeah yea yea that's right.
JUDGE SAM:(in an indian accent for some reason) look, if i'm being honest, and i'm not trying to be mean here, that was like getting shot in the face with a bazooka.
WADE:eeh...
JUDGE SAM:only the bazooka was loaded with the worst vocal performance ever. and the face was actually not my whole face but just my ears.
WADE:(sounds of sobbing)
JUDGE SAM:also, i hate you and i want your whole family to die, and anyone who disagrees with me is stupid. and you have no talent.
WADE:ow man.
HOST DUTCHMILLER:(walking on stage) fantastic, mhmm. so, what did you think of our judges' totally pointless and innaaaaane comments?
WADE:i think people should vote for me because-
HOST DUTCHMILLER:fantastic, dutchmillerrr out!
WADE:i sang my heart out. i still, cannot believe, i lost to, the fat guy. heuh...
SAM:that never happened! and i don't have an indian accent!
DR. CHALMERS:what up dawg?
NIKKI:here on strangerhood lane, everyone has secrets. some secrets are so secret, that noone even knows they're secrets. and others are the kind of secrets you know you know, even if you don't know what you know when you need to know!
DUTCHMILLER:mushi mushi!
CATHERINE:can i come in? there's something i need to talk to you about. something very personal, very secretive.
DUTCHMILLER:but of course, i love secrets. you know it's sushi night here in dutchmiller's house of tuna. i was just cutting raw fish, and thinking about you.
NIKKI:even in the most desperate times, desperate measures can seem reasonable, when unreasonable people get desperate for time- what am i talking about?
SAM:huh, that's weird. that's a crazy bunch of stars.
WADE:(through telescope) hey man.
SAM:gah!
WADE:what?
SAM:wade!
WADE:what happened?
SAM:what the- don't sneak up on me like that!
WADE:no problem dude. i'll sneak up on you like this!
SAM:hey!
WADE:(chuckle)
SAM:don't do that either!
WADE:alright man, alright, no need to- how 'bout this!
SAM:gwagh! wade! you're invading my personal space! i don't want you between my legs.
WADE:okay. no problem dude. so, what we lookin' at?
SAM:the night sky, these star formations just don't seem right.
WADE:oh, cool man. i'm like totally in to astrology too.
SAM:you mean astronomy. astrology is just a goofy fake science for tryin' to predict the future.
WADE:i totally knew you were gonna say that man. also, i think you're gonna lose your job. and also get a promotion. and also i foresee a new relationship!
SAM:just shut up and take a look at this.
SAM:okay. what you're looking at now is the big dipper, part of the ursula major constellation. looks familiar, right?
WADE:dip-ariffic man.
SAM:now turn slightly up and to the right and you'll see a star formation you won't recognize.
WADE:considerably less dipariffic man.
SAM:think that's weird? now check out the next constellation.
SAM:and then the next one.
SAM:and then the one before it again and then the one after that.
SAM:now go back to the first one, and now go two over look at that!
WADE:whoa! dude, i think, the sky, is broken. or maybe just this telescope.
SAM:no, wherever we are the whole universe just looks wrong.
WADE:hey man, what does uranus look like?
SAM:i already told you stop invading my personal space!
CATHERINE:so you must know why i need to talk to you.
DUTCHMILLER:i bet you need redecorating tips. this place is hideous.
CATHERINE:it's your bedroom.
DUTCHMILLER:oh right. i must have forgotten, or blocked it out. uhooh, that lamp.
CATHERINE:i hope you haven't forgotten me.
DUTCHMILLER:of course not cameron.
CATHERINE:catherine!
DUTCHMILLER:no no, i'm dutchmiller. catherine's a woman's name.
CATHERINE:it's my name.
DUTCHMILLER:whatever you say, kelly.
CATHERINE:never mind, listen. just because person has amnesia, doesn't mean they forget everything.
DUTCHMILLER:it doesn't, isn't that exactly what it means? i forget.
CATHERINE:no, of course not. just because a person is blind doesn't mean they can't see anything, does it?
DUTCHMILLER:if you say so.
CATHERINE:oh dutch, don't you remember our life together before all fo this? this, this madness? don't you remember marrying me, husband?
DUTCHMILLER:husband?
CATHERINE:of course. you pledged your love to me, don't you remember?
DUTCHMILLER:but you're not wearing a ring.
CATHERINE:darling you gave me this tiara instead. you said a ring was far too pedestrian.
DUTCHMILLER:that does sound like me, fantastic. but how can you remember all this and i can't?
CATHERINE:because i have the tiara to remind me.
DUTCHMILLER:i guess that makes sense.
CATHERINE:i tell you what. maybe you'd feel better if you got in to something a little more, comfortable.
DUTCHMILLER:why what do you mean?
CATHERINE:don't you wanna relax and get out of that silly smelly sushi chef suit?
DUTCHMILLER:bet you can't say that five times fast.
CATHERINE:come on, relax. i'll slip in to something more comfortable if you will.
DUTCHMILLER:okay, sounds like fun.
CATHERINE:i meant something a little more comfortable than that.
DUTCHMILLER:ahalright.
CATHERINE:close enough. now come here, and prepare to be woohooed.
DUTCHMILLER:woohoo? what's all this now?
CATHERINE:let me show you.
DUTCHMILLER:woohoo!
CATHERINE:woo hoo.
DR. CHALMERS:so what you're saying is, wherever we are, is not where we think we are.
SAM:right.
DR. CHALMERS:so, where do we think we are now?
SAM:i don't know. i'm not even sure i knew where we were before i figured out we weren't there.
DR. CHALMERS:that's completely ridiculous. i still say we're in cleveland.
SAM:no we're not.
DR. CHALMERS:now how do you know? does cleveland have grass?
SAM:yes.
DR. CHALMERS:mailboxes?
SAM:i guess.
DR. CHALMERS:jacuzzi tubs.
SAM:jacu-
DR. CHALMERS:...
SAM:i don't know, what?
DR. CHALMERS:does cleveland have jacuzzi tubs? answer the dang question!
SAM:yes, sure.
DR. CHALMERS:as do we. therefor by scientific deduction, we are in cleveland.
SAM:look that's not proof. you can find all that stuff anywhere.
DR. CHALMERS:even in cleveland?
SAM:...(sigh) yes.
DR. CHALMERS:bingo.
WADE:hey man, check me out! i mean, hey citizens, respect the badge.
SAM:you look ridiculous wade.
WADE:you mean "you look ridiculous officer wade."
DR. CHALMERS:where did you get that police uniform?
WADE:i just found it. this is totally a sign i should be a cop and like solve crimes and stuff and whatever!
SAM:that's not a sign.
DR. CHALMERS:i think he means that billboard.
SAM:man, advertising is really ruining this country.
DR. CHALMERS:it's better than that ad on the back o' that park bench.
DR. CHALMERS:wah. disgusting. that is why, all parks should be illegal.
WADE:totally dude.
DR. CHALMERS:well i for one think this is a fine idea. cleveland could use a little more security. someone keeps stealing refrigerators!
WADE:i am going to investigate the crime scenes man.
SAM:no.
WADE:and protect and serve-
SAM:no!
WADE:and bust perps.
SAM:no!
WADE:and ride around, in my cruiser, with the lights and sirens on man, like totally all reeu reeu reeu reeur man!
SAM:no, no- wait, actually that sounds kinda fun. you found a cop car too?
WADE:yeah man. you could ride in the back and be my sidekick.
SAM:criminals ride in the back! and whaddaya mean "sidekick"?
DR. CHALMERS:you do fit the profile.
WADE:right man, with like his weird haircut.
DR. CHALMERS:and utterly, preposterously ridiculous manner o' speechified talk. huh!
WADE:also, he's not that smart, or good-looking!
DR. CHALMERS:and he makes such goofy faces all the time.
WADE:that's the one right there.
DR. CHALMERS:hoh hoh hoh hoh hoh...
WADE:hee hee...
DR. CHALMERS:oh hoh hoh hoh...
WADE:yeah man...
DR. CHALMERS:oh hoh hoh ha hah...
WADE:heh heh heh.
DR. CHALMERS:yeh heh heh heh heh, whoo ho ha ha, oh my sides are achin' oh ho hoh, haha! hoo, hoohoohuhoo, huh, hoh, oh that's classic sam sidekick material.
SAM:i'm not the sidekick! if anybody fits the sidekick profile it's wade!
WADE:no way dude. would a sidekick have his own opening credits montage?
SAM:would he have what?
WADE:hee heh heh, yeah man, hu he hee, hu hu huh.
SAM:what the crap was that?
WADE:to, the crime scene!
SAM:wade there aren't any crimes, as far as we know there's only eight people here.
DR. CHALMERS:aren't you forgetting that one of the eight people mysteriously died?
SAM:alright, seven.
WADE:eh i know, i know, uh, i'll cover my eyes, and uh count to ten, and then you guys go commit some felonies. one... (continues: two, four, five, six man, seven, nine ten)
SAM:i don't wanna play this game again, last time i got cheated.
DR. CHALMERS:i keep telling you, jaywalking is not a felony.
SAM:well it should be!
DR. CHALMERS:i agree. now if you'll excuse me, i have to go commit tax fraud. and some insider trading.
WADE:totally man!
DR. CHALMERS:and a little dine 'n' dash-
SAM:last time somebody took my refrigerator. now all my things are melting.
DR. CHALMERS:and i'll follow it up by fencin' some fridgerators.
GRIGGS:aw man, they never let me play their stupid felony game. i don't need them; i'll play my own game. like football or, nerd punching. i'm the world champion at nerd punching. got the high score and everything. and when they see the high score they'll be like "hey, who's uh, who's g-r-g? is it that, stupid foreign dude?" then they'll be like "oh, it must be that griggs guy. boy i wish i was better friends with him." yeah, then they'll be jealous. i'll go over talk to 'em be like "nope. high score. what you gon' do about that? nothin', 'cause you're stupid."
WADE'S VOICEOVER:it was a dark and stormy night, the kinda night that could put a chill in your bones man, and a song, in your heart, hmhmhmhmmhm.
WADE:eoh, forget the song, just the bone chilliness man.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:i had just returned from a long day of bustin' perps, to visit my only friend... java joe. when you're the one on the mean streets you gotta look out for number one. even when ya have to go number one. which sometimes i do.
WADE:eeh, ooh, ooh...
WADE'S VOICEOVER:especially when i drink too much coffee.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:anyway where was i...
WADE'S VOICEOVER:oh yeah. it was a dark and stormy night. the kinda night where anything can happen. and when you least expect it, anything totally happens dude.
WADE:holy crap! what was that?
WADE'S VOICEOVER:it was the phone ringing.
WADE:oh yeah! right dude.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:that's when i got the news.
WADE:like hello?
WADE'S VOICEOVER:some young dame had gone and gotten herself bumped off. she was sleeping with the fishes.
WADE:that totally sounds like fun.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:she was dead.
WADE:oh. much less fun dude.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:times like these some people run and hide.
WADE:good idea man.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:but i didn't have that option.
WADE:(taking off) oh yes i do man.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:i'm a cop.
WADE:(running past the window outside) i'm getting a feeling...
WADE'S VOICEOVER:and this is my beat. eh- uh, hey man, where did i go? that's totally not cool man.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:i arrived to find the usual suspects already on the scene. they were an ugly bunch of lugs.
SAM:hey!
TOVAR:hey!
DR. CHALMERS:now hold up just a minute!
WADE'S VOICEOVER:and all, incredibly stupid.
DR. CHALMERS:hey-
TOVAR:yai, is true!
WADE'S VOICEOVER:each one either patsy or pidgeon or palooka.
SAM:hey you know we can hear you!
WADE'S VOICEOVER:it was my sidekick sam. the dumbest and ugliest of them all. but i kept him around because, he made me laugh.
SAM:i'm not dumb or ugly! i'm a beautiful intelligent person who deserves to be treated with respect and dignity! and for the last time i'm not your sidekick!
WADE'S VOICEOVER:yeah. what a moron.
DR. CHALMERS:why do you keep talking without moving your lips?
TOVAR:yai, tovar enjoy! is like watching ventriloquist show. but without evil little doll staring in to soul. yai, tovar said too much and embarassed tovar again.
DR. CHALMERS:now wait, why are we here?
SAM:and why are we black and white?
DR. CHALMERS:you mean me and you? that's just the way god made us. celebrate diversity.
SAM:no, i mean everything. what're we doing here?
WADE:we're searching for clues, man. clues that will help us solve nikki's murder death man.
SAM:you and tovar were both here when she died.
DR. CHALMERS:maybe you should start there.
WADE:oh, interrogation, excellent idea. okay tovar, if that is your real name. give it up now and spend less time in the big house.
TOVAR:yai.
DR. CHALMERS:what do you think is goin' through his mind right now?
TINY TOVAR:yai! tiny tovar will win the race! and get the cheese prize!
SAM:i really just don't wanna know.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:i was getting nowhere with the investigation. but suddenly, i discovered, a clue.
SAM:i don't see anything.
DR. CHALMERS:me neither.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:it was green makeup.
DR. CHALMERS:what is, that smudge?
WADE'S VOICEOVER:that meant the killer must have been wearing some kind of- green makeup. and some of it must have come off, in a struggle.
DR. CHALMERS:i don't see anything green. everything's gray!
SAM:that's because we're black and white.
DR. CHALMERS:you keep bringing that up. i think you have issues.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:the case was finally coming together. the green makeup obviously meant the killer was-
GRIGGS:oh no, i gotta get outta here!
WADE'S VOICEOVER:a woman.
SAM:ya know, i think there could be another theory.
WADE'S VOICEOVER:i knew that it must have been an inside job. an inside job by- the mafia!
SAM:what? there's no mafia here. and even if there were it wouldn't be an inside job unless nikki was in the mafia too!
WADE'S VOICEOVER:which is why the wakuza japanese mafia paid off the district attorney man.
SAM:what?
WADE'S VOICEOVER:no doubt the district attorney must have paid off the witnesses. and the judge in order to get to the family. oh my god, which means the family was in on the raqueteering man. oh myan, and i don't even know what raqueteering is man!
SAM:you know, i'm beginning to think griggs might actually have had something to do with what happened to nikki.
DR. CHALMERS:me too. i found this note.
SAM:"dear everyone, i had something to do with what happened to nikki. goodbye forever, gruggs." gruggs!? he misspelled his own name!
DR. CHALMERS:and he's got surprisingly feminine handwriting.
SAM:well he does wear makeup.
DR. CHALMERS:touch.
GRIGGS:oh man, i can't believe everyone's after me. they all think i had somethin' to do with nikki. maybe i did, i can't remember. ahaugh, this sucks! what do i do now?
DEVIL GRIGGS:i'll tell you what to do, punch everybody! there's no problem that can't be solved with a good punchin'!
ANGEL GRIGGS:hey, that'd be mean. instead of punching everyone, why not just give everybody some flowers and tell 'em you love 'em? that'd be awesome.
DEVIL GRIGGS:shut up, stupid angel me! it's punchin' time, and that's final!
ANGEL GRIGGS:who're you calling stupid, red?
DEVIL GRIGGS:who're you callin' red ya hippie do-gooder?
ANGEL GRIGGS:alright, that's it, time for a punchin' exorcism!
GRIGGS:hey, can it you morons. i'm tryin' to figure out what to do here.
ANGEL WADE:dewd, you should like totally turn yourself in.
GRIGGS:what the- hey get outta here. you're supposed to be on wade's shoulder, not mine.
ANGEL WADE:hey he is like way too busy with his hobbies to listen to me man.
WADE:a perfect reperduction man. just quiet little brush strokes, just painting some little happy clouds here in the back...
GRIGGS:ugh, moron.
ANGEL CHALMERS:huh, you guys got any extra room? i got kicked outta my place for suggesting that chalmers quit stealing refridgerators.
DR. CHALMERS:ha hah, now i'll combine all these in to one super refridgerator, so i can finally store my eighteen foot party hoagie. chalmers, you genius you! huh huh, huh!
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:hey, what's goin' on? i heard you guys were throwing a party.
ANGEL TOVAR:yai, tovar is bring his salty nuts.
ANGEL CHALMERS:hey everybody, it's rhumba time! uh!
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:alright, let's shake it.
ANGEL WADE:dude!
ANGEL TOVAR:yai, yippee! rhumba rhumba!
ANGEL CHALMERS:hehey, whoa, hahah.
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:shake that halo like a polaroid picture.
ANGEL TOVAR:yahai!
ANGEL SAM:hey everybody, let's try to keep down the noise.
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:blah blah blah, shut up angel sam.
ANGEL CHALMERS:don't be a party pooper.
ANGEL SAM:the neighbour association really frowns on this.
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:enough already, who invited sam stick-in-the-mud?
ANGEL SAM:okay the hell with it! let's party!
ANGEL WADE:yuh man, wanna shake it wide.
ANGEL SAM:woo woo! boogy boogy ooh ooh!
ANGEL WADE:everybody move.
ANGEL SAM:yeah yeah yeah.
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:let's get holy.
ANGEL WADE:hey dutch? we should like invite catherine's angel too.
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:i'm pretty sure she doesn't have one.
ANGEL WADE:oh, right dude.
ANGEL CHALMERS:hey everybody, who wants to do the limbo?
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:alright, yeah!
ANGEL CHALMERS:how low can you go?
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:i'll go so low it's despicable!
ANGEL TOVAR:yai, so good yet so bad! we should play pin the tail on the waitress.
ANGEL DUTCHMILLER:party!
WADE:hey con, fresh meat.
TOVAR:hello, are new prison friend? how is one to bunk in pokie? tovar is enjoying bottom. want be on top?
GRIGGS:cram it new fish, i own this cell block.
TOVAR:yai, tovar is stay here many time. is like bed and breakfast in my country but with working toilet.
GRIGGS:so what're ya in for? ya lousy foreigner. murderin' the english language? huh huh, that was awesome, score.
TOVAR:tovar is not do anything. i being confused for evil twin tobar.
GRIGGS:evil twin? yeah right. if anybody's not guilty around here it's me!
TOVAR:nai nai no, tovar is definitely being the guilty... guilty of being so too sexy! and macho. seriously, is crime in my country.
GRIGGS:cry me a river.
TOVAR:yai, would be sexy river! like missipeepee. she's very curvaceous water lady.
GRIGGS:ah great, another moron.
DUTCHMILLER:nohohoho no, i'm an attorney. easy mistake to make.
TOVAR:yai, this is being tovar's lawyer. am free to bail now.
DUTCHMILLER:not quite tovar, don't forget you'll have to do more community service.
TOVAR:noho yai, last servicio was so horrible for tovar, heehee. hoh, why do i smell like onions?
DUTCHMILLER:keep licking tovar, those party invitations aren't going to mail themselves-
TOVAR:i can't do it, no-
DUTCHMILLER:only eighteen thousand to go.
TOVAR:yai.
DUTCHMILLER:now where to hang that sushi piata? ah right! on the chandellier by all the crystal, fantastic.
TOVAR:yai.
GRIGGS:hey, how come i never got an invite?
DUTCHMILLER:sorry, the list was very exclusive. hmhm. okay tovar, let's get to that community service. we're going to need an industrial size plunger and a truckload of ball bearings.
TOVAR:yai, noo, bearing balls stink!
GRIGGS:hold on there, legal beagle. what do i gotta do to get outta here?
DUTCHMILLER:that depends, are you guilty guilty or just celebrity guilty? you don't look famous, are you famous? are there naked pictures of you on the internet? that could really help our case.
GRIGGS:i'm innocent i tell ya, it was all a frame-up.
DUTCHMILLER:oh, well then it's very simple. just file a motion to uh...
DUTCHMILLER:wait. do you hear that?
GRIGGS:yeah. sounds like an ambulance.
DUTCHMILLER:fantastic! come on tovar, let's go chase it.
TOVAR:ai, tovar hoping ambulance not bad. remembering what happened last time.
WADE:i am like totally running with scissors man!
SAM:aaaahhhhh, wade that was my gallbladdar!
WADE:my bad dude.
SAM:hey and those are my scissors!
GRIGGS:fine. i don't need you or your greaseball lawyer. i'm gettin' outta here my way!
TOVAR:yai, are going to cover wall with llama butter and eat way out?
GRIGGS:what? no.
TOVAR:oh right, is tovar's way. what are griggs do?
GRIGGS:before they put me away, i had the blueprint for the prison tattooed on my body. heh, pretty smooth.
TOVAR:oi, m m yai, is no blueprint, is cat riding surfboard.
GRIGGS:oh man, i knew i shoulda let wade give me that tattoo.
WADE:hang ten little pussy!
GRIGGS:aw shut up moron.
WADE:my bad dude.
GRIGGS:oh man this sucks. it's a conspiracy i tell ya.
TOVAR:teeheeheehee.
GRIGGS:and they're all in on it!
TOVAR:nai nai no, is no conspiracy, is simple explanation for everything.
MIRROR VOICE:ha ha ha. operation conspiracy is moving along perfectly. now to commence with phase two, also known as phase "simple explanation for everything." ha ha ha. phase three will of course be known as phase "all-too-convenient conclusion," the greatest phase of all, ha ha ha. ha ha ha! although i'm really looking forward to phase four, also known as phase "laughing maniacally for no good reason," ha ha ha. ha ha- no wait, i should save it.
DUTCHMILLER:(in voiceover) it's the much later tonight show, with your host: dickie dutchmiller. hey that's me! fantastic. on tonight's program a house call from doctor chalmers. the comedy stylings of funny-man tovar. mailbag! zany sports bloopers. and as always, the later tonight show band, the durntastics. and now, give it up for your host, me! dickie dutchmiller!
DUTCHMILLER:thank you, what a great crowd. way better than the bunch of hideous losers we had here last night. am i right?
SAM:(alone in audience) hey, i was the only one here in the audience last night!
DUTCHMILLER:so true. let's take a look at a clip!
DUTCHMILLER:and welcome to the show. wow, what a bunch of hideous losers in the audience! am i right?
SAM:hey!
DUTCHMILLER:hah, hah hahlarious. and now for my first guest of the evening. you know him as that grumpy old guy who complains a lot. please welcome, doctor chalmers!
DR. CHALMERS:this better not take long, matlock comes on at four-thirty. doctor chalmers does not miss an episode of matlock. ever!
DUTCHMILLER:so chalmy, can i call you chalmy?
DR. CHALMERS:no you cannot.
DUTCHMILLER:so chalmy, tell me about your latest project.
DR. CHALMERS:i'm currently developing a new way to-
DUTCHMILLER:fantastic! let's take a look at a clip. huhh.
DR. CHALMERS:what clip? i didn't bring a clip.
DR. CHALMERS:it's rodeo time. yeehaw!
DR. CHALMERS:heh hah, lookit me go, ha ha! bounce on a couch, i love this stuff, bounce on a couch, all day long, i bounce on a couch while i sing this song, a-haha, hahaaa, yeeha, whoo! ha ha.
DR. CHALMERS:that nevah happened.
DUTCHMILLER:fantastic. my next guest comes to us all the way from some foreign place. give it up for the hilarious broken-english comedy, of tovar!
TOVAR:hello, was being very hot today.
SAM:... how hot was it...
TOVAR:was so hot, tovar is needing to remove coat. but no have coat, is back hair!
SAM:... ... ... you suck!
TOVAR:in my country is compliment.
SAM:this stinks, i'm outta here.
DR. CHALMERS:me too. i'm not moving over on the couch for that pinhead.
TOVAR:yai, don't leave, i haven't gotten to my yak material.
TOVAR:it killed in cleveland. oh look, a much sexier audience, hello lady.
DUTCHMILLER:why look everyone, it's a special surpriiiise guest!
CATHERINE:who are you talking to?
DUTCHMILLER:ah, no-one. you were saying?
CATHERINE:dutch, i have some incredibly shocking news.
DUTCHMILLER:shocking? oh my god, you're really a man! i knew it the whole time! your hands gave you away.
CATHERINE:what? no!
DUTCHMILLER:wait! my god, i'm really a woman! this explains everything!
CATHERINE:no, stop guessing. dutch, i'm pregnant.
DUTCHMILLER:fantastiwhaaaaaaaaaaaat?
CATHERINE:and you can't let anyone find out.
DUTCHMILLER:of course not. now let's take a look at a clip!
CATHERINE:whaaat?
WADE:oh my god i can't believe dutch is really catherine's step-mother.
GRIGGS:bored again. this show blows.
WADE:you wanna finish our chess game?
GRIGGS:we can't, you ate half the pieces.
WADE:i was so sure they had chocolate inside man.
GRIGGS:hey let's play darts again.
WADE:okay man, but i'm not holding the target this time.
GRIGGS:come on.
WADE:why can't we just hang it on the wall man?
GRIGGS:two player game, moron. besides, i aim better at faces. and groins. hey i got a great idea, how 'bout instead of darts we use knives, and instead of a dartboard we don't use anything. we could always play the punching game, but then we always have to play the "make wade stop crying" game. i hate that game.
DR. CHALMERS:(voiceover) in the criminal justice system there are two groups. the first group catches the criminals. the second group handles the courtroom proceedings.
WADE:what about the criminals, man? aren't they a group?
DR. CHALMERS:okay fine, three groups if you include the criminals.
SAM:well that's not fair! if you include the criminals you have to include the victims too! what about their rights?
DR. CHALMERS:okay, four groups. fine. just quit ruining my voiceover.
WADE:it was a dark and stormy night.
DR. CHALMERS:dog gonnit wade, you got to do your voiceover last time.
DUTCHMILLER:good point chalmy, don't get greedy wade.
DR. CHALMERS:who is that? everybody get out of my voiceover spot!
DUTCHMILLER:fantastic.
DR. CHALMERS:(sitting down) ehuh, hr, hm. order in the court!
DUTCHMILLER:your honor, i'd like to present a motion.
DR. CHALMERS:one more outburst like that, and you'll be sequestered. huh.
SAM:excuse me, judge?
DR. CHALMERS:that's it, you are all sequestered.
SAM:do you even know what being sequestered means?
DR. CHALMERS:i believe it involves shackles, and some kinda hot poker.
SAM:no it doesn't!
DR. CHALMERS:oh, in that case, y'all gonna be shackled, and hot pokered. let's start this trial!
DR. CHALMERS:i will now allow both sides to deliver opening remarks to the jury.
CATHERINE:ohoh, this is gonna be good. ten bucks says he's guilty.
SAM:you can't place bets. we're supposed to be impartial here.
CATHERINE:i'll give ya four-to-one odds.
SAM:make it twenty! sucker.
DUTCHMILLER:lady and gentleman of the jury, during the course of this trial, you will hear incontravertible evidence that the defendant is guilty, or your money back!
DR. CHALMERS:hoh-ho, an iron-clad guarantee like that, is gonna be tough to beat. you're up jailbird.
GRIGGS:uh, i didn't do it? uh, at least i don't think i did it. anyway she probably deserved it, whatever.
DR. CHALMERS:huh, excellent rebuttal, powerful, yet subtle. this one's too close to call.
DUTCHMILLER:if it pleases the court, i'd like to call our first stoolpigeon- i mean snitch- i mean witness. tovar.
CATHERINE:holy crap, there's a witness? prepare to pay up, sucker.
SAM:please, it's tovar. you've got better odds of winning the lottery without buying a ticket.
WADE:do you swear you're totally gonna tell the truth man?
TOVAR:yai! tovar is always telling the truth.
CATHERINE:oh my god, someone drank all my tiara polisher!
TOVAR:(spitting up green crap) ohoh my head. oh yai, (shakes it off). sam did it.
DUTCHMILLER:so tovar, were you at the scene when the crime was committed?
TOVAR:sam did it.
SAM:hey!
DUTCHMILLER:would you claim you personally were not murdered?
TOVAR:yai?
DUTCHMILLER:tovar, please answer all questions in english. what was the name of the victim?
TOVAR:in english.
DUTCHMILLER:and what was miss english wearing?
TOVAR:in english.
SAM:now if you don't have the money in cash i can take a personal cheque, or credit card or food stamps-
CATHERINE:oh shut up.
DUTCHMILLER:judge i would now like to present a sketch the witness drew of the assailant.
GRIGGS:that's the last time i have my portrait done at six flags.
DR. CHALMERS:unbelievable! it looks just like him!
DUTCHMILLER:i rest my case.
DR. CHALMERS:okay lifer, you're up. you have anybody to speak in your defense? or should i just bang my gavel so we can all go home?
GRIGGS:huh, i guess, ...i guess that i uh, i'm gonna... um... guess i'm gonna, draw this out a little bit...
CATHERINE:look, he's stalling, he's got nothing. i am sooo taking your cash.
GRIGGS:i guess i-
CATHERINE:ha!
GRIGGS:i guess i call that girl in the back that looks just like nikki!
NIKKI:hey everybody, i'm back.
EVERYONE:(assorted gasps and ahhs)
GRIGGS:acquitted, score.
SAM:booya, in your face, sucker! pay up, you just got played by the player!
CATHERINE:oh shut up!
SAM:oooo!
CATHERINE:enough!
SAM:i got you, in your face!
CATHERINE:alright already.
SAM:in your face!
CATHERINE:oh come on-
SAM:in your face all over the place!
CATHERINE:please...
SAM:look at me-
CATHERINE:we've all heard this.
SAM:look at me i'm doin' the dirty bird!
CATHERINE:is the dancing really necessary?
SAM:dirty bird victory dance, and cabbage patch!
CATHERINE:i can't believe this.
SAM:whoowhoowhooo!
CATHERINE:you're such a sore winner.
SAM:boobaboo, badoobalydoo, i'm gonna make 'em snoogihisses!
GRIGGS:acquitted means not guilty, right?
SAM:i'm gonna make up some new words!
GRIGGS:'cause if not i'm the other thing.
SAM:ooweewoowoowoo, champion! you got served!
DR. CHALMERS:now listen here, young lady. i do not appreciate unannounced visitors in my courtroom, unless they are deliverin' free hoagies.
NIKKI:do i look like i'm delivering hoagies?
DR. CHALMERS:do you look like you're appreciated? get outta here 'n' go get me a hoagie!
NIKKI:fine!
SAM:wait! noone's leaving!
WADE:(in obvious urinary distress) uh but mahn-
SAM:you can take a bathroom break after we find out what's going on. learn to hold it already. geeze you're like a six year old on a road trip.
CATHERINE:i don't think we need to discuss this any further. the important thing is, someone still needs to kill nikki.
SAM:what?
CATHERINE:i mean that she's home safe. you look terrible- i mean lovely. tramp- dear.
DR. CHALMERS:so what happened?
NIKKI:okay, you see i first noticed tovar acting strange one day, so i-
SAM:(cough)
NIKKI:what?
SAM:could you tell the story in flashback? it's kinda boring just watching you talk.
WADE:allow me. nikki'd just noticed tovar acting really strange. and things were getting really wavy man.
NIKKI:okay wade cool it, i think i can handle it from here.
NIKKI:i was in my apartment when i overheard tovar. it sounded like he was talking to himself, but when i looked outside i thought i saw two of him.
WADE:oh yeah, i see double all the time too man.
NIKKI:i decided to follow him, but i knew i had to be secretive. so i changed my outfit and my hairstyle to something that wouldn't stand out.
CATHERINE:nice beanie.
DR. CHALMERS:hey i have that same outfit, huh.
NIKKI:i tracked him down to a nexotic beach, where i changed my outfit to better blend in with the environment.
CATHERINE:that's a fashion fiasco, it's a fashionasco!
NIKKI:then i tracked him to a nightclub where i changed my outfit so i wouldn't be so noticable.
DR. CHALMERS:huh, that's a nice look, all you need now is a cardigan, huh.
NIKKI:then we went to a casino; i changed outfits. a bowling alley; i changed outfits. hospital; new outfit. old castle; new outfit. enormous french mansion; outfit nouveau. restaurant, outfit. dog park, outfit. haunted house, outfit. art gallery?
SAM:hhh, let me guess. new outfit.
NIKKI:no, but i did change my make-up.
NIKKI:finally i found myself in a mysterious underground hallway. i didn't know where it led, and i had been so many places i couldn't remember where i had come from.
WADE:oh, i get that a lot too man.
NIKKI:i was starting to get suspicious.
SAM:you're just now starting to get suspicious?
NIKKI:so in case anybody was waiting to attack me, i showed off some of my awesome karate moves.
NIKKI:then i showed off some of my awesome karate moves in slow motion!
NIKKI:that kind of took a long time and got boring... but then i noticed a door. i was worried there were highly advanced security measures. but i decided to go in anyway. inside i found a secret room, with secret documents, that contain secret information about-
WADE:what kinda secrets? like how sam sings love songs to himself in the shower secrets?
SAM:(singing) this water is so warm... just like my love for you-
SAM:(singing) and when i lather up my skiiin!-
SAM:(singing) i'm a metrosexual, a super metrosexy-
SAM:w-w-w-wade!
WADE:my bad dude. was the secret about bubble addiction?
WADE:groooovyyyy maaaan...
WADE:don't judge me.
NIKKI:anyway, i found out that griggs-
WADE:what about griggs!? is it that he's really a zombie trapped in a vampire's body, and every time he sees the sun he has to eat his own brain man. like oh my god i totally didn't know that man! seriously.
NIKKI:anyway, i found out that griggs, is really my father!
SAM:(gasp)
WADE:whaaat?
DUTCHMILLER:nooo.
DR. CHALMERS:i can't believe it!
GRIGGS:i'm not paying child support. ...what, i said i didn't kill her, i didn't say i wasn't a deadbeat.
NIKKI:i raced back home, but before i could tell anybody, someone knocked me out!
SAM:you were just knocked out? see i told you she wasn't decomposing.
DR. CHALMERS:not dead? girl you look like a zombie!
NIKKI:when i woke up later, i couldn't remember anything. i had amnesia!
SAM:we all have amnesia.
NIKKI:yes, but i forgot that i already had it. suddenly i forgot everything i remembered i had forgotten earlier, and remembered the things i forgot i remembered.
WADE:finally- it all makes sehehence.
NIKKI:everyone thought i was dead, so i used the time to search for more clues. and that's when i learned something even more shocking. one of us knows why we lost our memories, knows why we're here, and knows who is behind everything. one of us, is a spy.
SAM:this is shocking information!
WADE:whaat?
DUTCHMILLER:nooo.
DR. CHALMERS:i can't believe it!
NIKKI:that's right! be ready to be completely shocked!
WADE:i'm ready.
NIKKI:because the secret spy, is...
WADE:like who is it man? like hello. it's me, isn't it.
NIKKI:because the secret spy... is catherine!
SAM:this is shocking information!
WADE:whaat?
DUTCHMILLER:nooo.
DR. CHALMERS:oh my- i can't believe it!
CATHERINE:oh please, like you couldn't have figured it out.
SAM:yeah.
DR. CHALMERS:no surprise here.
DUTCHMILLER:i knew it the whole time.
NIKKI:her tiara is actually an antenna. she's been receiving secret instructions from her headquarters, and using it to remotely control griggs' garden gnome, which was embedded with experimental mind control ray.
GRIGGS:dammit! i knew i shouldn't have hired you as my defense lawyer.
GNOME:(something)
GRIGGS:huh huh yeah, good point buddy. you're the best.
GNOME:(something)
NIKKI:she planted evidence against griggs that would make everybody think he committed a crime. a crime that never happened.
WADE:oh, wow.
DR. CHALMERS:really.
DUTCHMILLER:shocking!
SAM:i can't take all these plot twists!
CATHERINE:it doesn't matter; none of you can stop me! i'm not letting the others take my baby!
DUTCHMILLER:a baby? oh, the shockingness!
GNOME:(squeak?)
WADE:the others?
DR. CHALMERS:what?
SAM:i'm still a virgin!
GRIGGS:just as well.
TOVAR:if it has moustachio, don't look at me.
NIKKI:don't worry everyone, i can explain every single detail. you see, what happened i-
SAM:thanks for explaining everything so thoroughly, and in such great detail nikki.
DR. CHALMERS:it all makes perfect sense now.
WADE:i still don't get the part about the polar bear.
DUTCHMILLER:ohohokay then, down the hatch!
GRIGGS:hey wait a second; there's a bunch of mysterious numbers on the outside of this thing.
ALL:(gasp)
NIKKI:those numbers aren't just mysterious, they're a code that reveals a secret so shocking that-
SAM:thanks for explaining all those weird numbers nikki.
DR. CHALMERS:it all makes perfect sense now.
DUTCHMILLER:i still don't get the part about the pirate ship.
WADE:yeah, or the invisible smoke monster?
NIKKI:come on everybody, this-
ARCHITECT:hmm... hmm... hmm... hmm, where did they all go?
WADE:um, dudes? where are we?
ARCHITECT:what the- you shouldn't be here!
SAM:why not?
ARCHITECT:by entering this lab, you've set off a chain reaction that threatens to unleash the most terrifying event, the world has ever se-
WADE:are y- are you gonna tell us or not man?
SAM:you know that was a really overly dramatic way to tell us you could get fired.
ARCHITECT:sorry, i've been down here by myself for kind of a while.
DR. CHALMERS:now just who are you exactly?
ARCHITECT:my name is sam. i work here.
SAM:hey, my name is sam too!
ARCHITECT:no it's not.
SAM:oh yeah? well that's the name written on my underwear.
ARCHITECT:so you're the son of a bitch that took all my underwear! i've been going commando for the last three months!
GRIGGS:awesome, i wanna go commando. let's blow some stuff up and shoot some villagers.
NIKKI:not that kinda commando, griggs.
ARCHITECT:his name isn't griggs.
DR. CHALMERS:huh, and i suppose my name isn't doctor cornelius chalmers esquire ...the third!
ARCHITECT:no it isn't, seamus mcmurchpatrick.
DR. CHALMERS:seamus- i'm irish!?
WADE:of course- that explains the sweater vest.
SAM:oh come on, his sweater vest isn't made of whiskey and potatoes.
DR. CHALMERS:hey now- i'll thank yas not to sully me people with ya blarny. hoh blimey; 'tis the old country having its way with me tongue. huh!
ARCHITECT:actually, none of you ninnies got your names right. except for nikki, although her name's actually pronounced nik-kay.
DUTCHMILLER:well just who are we then?
SAM:and what are we doing here?
ARCHITECT:both good questions officer balthazar and mister smiggleton.
SAM:i'm not takin' smiggleton.
ARCHITECT:ya see about a hundred years ago the global entertainment industry ran completely out of ideas.
DUTCHMILLER:i saw that movie, it was fantastic.
GRIGGS:no you didn't ya moron.
ARCHITECT:so we built a time machine to snatch people outta the past.
DUTCHMILLER:i remember that one it was awesome!
GRIGGS:no you don't!
ARCHITECT:back when everyone was still watching good t.v. shows and movies.
DUTCHMILLER:it had explosions, and a girl in a miniskirt.
GRIGGS:every movie's got that.
ARCHITECT:we figured if we kept you isolated and we watched everything you did-
DUTCHMILLER:hey, another movie, title.
GRIGGS:god, somebody shut this guy up?
ARCHITECT:-we might be able to come up with some kind of new entertainment programming-
DUTCHMILLER:the first one stunk, but the sequel was hilarious.
GRIGGS:alright, i'm gonna have to murder him now.
ARCHITECT:-based on your actions and conversations.
SAM:you mean like, a reality show?
ARCHITECT:no, but that's a really good idea! i can't believe we didn't think of that. you should be a writer. or maybe just a studio executive.
DUTCHMILLER:but i wanted to be the studio executive.
DR. CHALMERS:so, we were all kidnapped.
ARCHITECT:and we erased your memories. we thought it would make your ideas fresh, and original.
DUTCHMILLER:hmm, did it work?
ARCHITECT:not so much, no.
GRIGGS:what about all that weird stuff that happened, and that mysterious voice thing?
VOICE:that was me.
ALL:(various gasps)
ARCHITECT:i have a voice modulator-
VOICE:-to make me sound more impressive.
ARCHITECT:pretty sweet, right?
NIKKI:and catherine?
ARCHITECT:she was working with me on the inside, trying to jazz things up.
DR. CHALMERS:tough job.
ARCHITECT:hyeah, you guys are hella-boring.
SAM:you're gonna pay for this!
ARCHITECT:hey, don't blame me, i just work here.
NIKKI:look it's true everyone, he has a t-shirt.
SAM:dammit! well you at least have to send us back to wherever we came from.
ARCHITECT:okay, no problem.
DR. CHALMERS:great; i can't wait to get back to the old country, and choke me a leprechaun.
GRIGGS:hmm... choking a leprechaun, eh?
GRIGGS:yeah that sounds pretty good, i wanna go with him.
ARCHITECT:okay, let me just boot up the old time machine here. just analyzing temporal vortecese, re-re-re-reticulating remembering routine, contemplating time-space continuum, loading anti-paradox engine, and immemorializing memory matrices. okay, we're good to go.
EVIL TOBAR:nai. ni'm afraid thas it no possible.
ARCHITECT:oh crap, that can't be good. (clears throat) i mean-
VOICE:oh crap, that can't be good.
DUTCHMILLER:i love that wacky voice. fantastic.
ARCHITECT:hey, thanks. it's a lotta fun at parties. i also use it for the outgoing message on my voice mail.
VOICE:when you hear the message please leave a beep. woops, i said that wrong. how do you restart this thing? does the blinking light mean it's recording? i did press seven! somebody help me out here. oh son of a b-(beep).
ARCHITECT:crap, it's evil tobar!
SAM:evil tob-
EVIL TOBAR:yai i'm evil tobar.
SAM:what the heck is going on here?
ARCHITECT:when we brought tovar through the time machine there was an error, and his molecules were split in to two identical people: only one was pure evil. the other, pure moron.
TOVAR:yai, who wants to have pillow eating contest? tovar likes when feathers tickle from inside.
EVIL TOBAR:yai, it'sa true. it's me, evil tobar. i'm demanding to releasing me. or will be doing evil things.
DR. CHALMERS:what kinda evil things?
EVIL TOBAR:for starters, evil tobar being very insulting to hostage catherine. i will say, "you're a stupid" or "your tiara make your ass look big."
CATHERINE:it's true, he actually said that.
EVIL TOBAR:also, am going to burn down building, and kill everyone.
EVERYONE:(gasp)
EVIL TOBAR:hya ya yai, yai i'm evil tobar.
DUTCHMILLER:when you say kill everyone, you don't really mean everyone, right, just the ugos.
NIKKI:by the way, i don't think that tiara makes your ass look big.
CATHERINE:thanks.
NIKKI:but your giant ass sure makes your tiara look small.
CATHERINE:well if i wanted fashion advice from a twelve year old in a baseball cap, i'd coach a little league team.
NIKKI:whatever s-
CATHERINE:ugh.
EVIL TOBAR:evil tobar is angry! will give you twenty-four hours to make decision.
SAM:it's kind of a long time for such a tense yet easily resolved situation.
EVIL TOBAR:yai, is good point. evil tobar will now change to twenty-four minutes.
EVIL TOBAR:thank you sam, good idea, keep them coming.
DUTCHMILLER:you can't do this evil tobar, i won't let you!
CATHERINE:no dutch, don't! he'll kill us all! save yourself!
DUTCHMILLER:okay, that works too. seeya.
ARCHITECT:we can't release him, we're in a temporally shielded quantum safety zone. if evil tobar were to get out, it might destroy the very fabric of space-time itself!
EVIL TOBAR:okay, evil tobar is now tired of waiting. we go to twenty-four seconds.
SAM:might destroy space-time?
ARCHITECT:yeah! ... ...hell i don't know, i just work here. okay, change of plans. let's send him through the thing anyway.
EVIL TOBAR:yai yai yai hai yai!
ARCHITECT:it's set to return you to your own time: wall street, new york, 1929.
EVIL TOBAR:ya ha ha ha yai, evil tobar will make millions in stock market. am going to buy tons of asbestos. ya ha ha ha ha haaa, so long, suckas!
WADE:whoa, dude, that is like the best lazer light show ever, why are my retinas smoking?
ARCHITECT:well the universe didn't implode, i guess everything's cool.
DR. CHALMERS:great, me next. i can't wait to get back to the old country, and kick some protestant ass.
ARCHITECT:yeah i was just kidding about him being irish by the way.
DR. CHALMERS:hn hoa! where are all the snakes and leprechauns?
NIKKI:well, i guess this is it.
SAM:yeah. thanks for everything nikki.
NIKKI:it's nickay you loser.
WADE:see you dudes!
GRIGGS:not if we see you first, haha score loser!
SAM:you know, he was a really weird guy. i'm glad he didn't turn out to be a murderer though. that was a plus.
ARCHITECT:oh no, he is. the time machine was set to return him to prison in his own time. ironically we learned more about t.v. from him than anyone else.
SAM:how exactly is that ironic?
ARCHITECT:man i'm gonna be so glad to get rid of you.
CATHERINE:ditto.
WADE:me next dude.
ARCHITECT:yes sir, mister president.
SAM:what?
WADE:microwave me dude!
ARCHITECT:it was an honor, sir.
ARCHITECT:okay suit guy, you're up.
DUTCHMILLER:i'm not going. my place is here now.
CATHERINE:ohoh dutch, do you really mean that?
DUTCHMILLER:are we still in danger of being burned alive?
CATHERINE:no.
DUTCHMILLER:then absolutely.
CATHERINE:oh darling.
DUTCHMILLER:oh baby, mmm.
TOVAR:tovar is throwing up in hand.
ARCHITECT:alright man, that just leaves you.
SAM:me, what about regular tovar?
CATHERINE:technically, he's not even a real person. more like a time-space anomoly.
ARCHITECT:or quantum crap.
CATHERINE:so we'll probably just liquify his dna and drink it.
TOVAR:(belch with stink cloud)
ARCHITECT:it's cool, genetic canibalism is totally in, in the future.
TOVAR:yai, am hungry to eat own soul.
SAM:...i'm ready to leave now.
TOVAR:yai, goodbye sam. don't forget to be nerd.
SAM:does the time machine have an air sickness bag? 'cause i'm pretty sure i'm gonna throw up.
EVERYONE:...
DUTCHMILLER:... just go away.
SAM:um hey guys, before i go, shouldn't someone say something meaningful and important that en- encapsulates our incredible exper-
ARCHITECT:no, we're good.
DUTCHMILLER:zappity zap zap.
CATHERINE:well that was a complete failure. we still don't have any new ideas.
ARCHITECT:no more movies, no more t.v. shows.
CATHERINE:what are we gonna do now?
DUTCHMILLER:... well we could just play video games.
ARCHITECT:yeah that works.
TOVAR:yai.
CATHERINE:awesome i'm pumped.
DUTCHMILLER:fantastic.
SAM:(internal monologue) man that was one crazy dream. i gotta quit watching such crappy television. i better check the name on my underwear.
DISEMBODIED VOICE: and now for a special holiday message from the inhabitants of the strangerhood.
SAM: hey everyone. we really don't know what day it is, since we've all lost our memories and don't know where we are, but the all powerful voice-
DISEMBODIED VOICE: i prefer the term omnipotent. it is classier
SAM: sorry, the omnipotent voice has asked us to send everyone season's greetings.
WADE: that's right! merry happy chrismanukah everyone!
SAM: merry happy what!?
NIKKI: chrismanukah! it's the most inclusive holiday ever.
DR. CHALMERS: it combines the best parts of christmas and hannukah.
WADE: like cookies, and potato latkas.
SAM: gross! you guys can't do that!
DUTCHMILLER: it's just like chocolate and peanut butter.
DR. CHALMERS: ebony, and ivory.
CATHERINE: gucci and prada.
WADE: superman, and, bizarro superman!
SAM: that's just wrong.
DR. CHALMERS: i'll tell you what's right. when you combine christmas and hannukah, you get twenty days of presents.
SAM: what!?
NIKKI: that's right. twelve days of christmas, plus another eight for hannukah. chrismanukah rocks!
WADE: (singing... poorly) on the fifteenth day of chrismanukah, my true love gave to me...
DR. CHALMERS: (singing... lowly) a stocking filled with dreidels.
DUTCHMILLER: (singing... smarmily) and a reindeer in a yamukah.
SAM: wait this is totally absurd.
DR. CHALMERS: with an attitude like that, i wouldn't expect a visit from moses claus.
SAM: moses claus!? who?
CATHERINE: you know, he comes down the chimney and parts the bowl of egg nog.
WADE: he hangs out with those little dudes, uh, the maccabe elves...
NIKKI: i think he also might have lit some candles, or some oil, or did something with a baby in a barn... er... an outhouse? i, i get confused.
DR. CHALMERS: who cares. let's open some presents, and eat 'til we pass out.
TOVAR: yai, everyone! we gathering 'round menorah wreath for yuletide light festival! yah?
SAM: this has got to be the most ridiculous holiday ever.
WADE: should we tell him 'bout rhamadanaqwanza?
DUTCHMILLER: hey gang, who wants to kiss under the mazeltov mistletoe? come on, it's kringle kosher.
SAM: hey everybody. as you know halloween is coming up fast.
DR. CHALMERS: (as a magician) even if you don't like wearing ridiculous outfits.
NIKKI: (as a skeleton) and even if your neighbours are actually strangers.
SAM: like ours.
DR. CHALMERS: you'll still want to take this opportunity, to demand they give you free candy.
GRIGGS: (with giant french fries on his head?) yeah, and ammo.
SAM: no griggs, just candy.
GRIGGS: yeah, ammo made'a candy. like nuget bullets. score.
SAM: first, you're going to need a decent costume.
NIKKI: you don't wanna spend too much money though.
DR. CHALMERS: that would just defeat the purpose of gettin' free candy corn!
TOVAR: (as clown) yai, tovar is having inexpensive idea for costumay.
WADE: (as a cow dressed as a cowboy) you could make a toga outta bedsheets.
TOVAR: nai, tovar no have bed, is sleeping on rug made of yak hair.
NIKKI: you can dress as a witch really cheaply. just wear all black and carry a broom.
TOVAR: yai, if wanting to look like goth maid. could also listen to the cure while scrubbing toilet.
SAM: then whadda you suggest tovar?
TOVAR: tovar has bestest solution for costumay yet! a mustachio!
DR. CHALMERS: mustaffa who?
TOVAR: mustachio! is easy to grow, and looking good on all persons. plus, have many option! for instances, cowboy mustachio, fancy mustachio, milk mustachio, or like tovar- sexy mustachio! plus, can offer rides instead of candy. is even looking good on the ladies. ...you remind me of my mother.
NIKKI: oh gross.
SAM: now that you have a costume you need to know the right way to ask for candy.
DR. CHALMERS: take a look at these examples. see if you can spot the right approach.
GRIGGS: gimme candy or i'll punch you.
GRIGGS: trick or treat. guess what the trick is: gimme candy, or i'll punch you!
GRIGGS: i told you i want some candy, and now it's punchin' time! (jumps him and starts wailing) ...candy!
GRIGGS: huah! candy!
SAM: okay. none of those were correct.
GRIGGS: still got my candy ya dumb hippie. score.
DR. CHALMERS: of course, if you do get no treat, you must trick, but trick wisely.
TOVAR: hallo is tovar waiting to have candy or trick- wait you have something on your sh- (slaps wade in the nose) oo-hoo-hoo-hoo...
WADE: hee hee, you look like tovar, yeah.
TOVAR: hoo that's funny.
TOVAR: hello, am knocking on door just to shake hand.
WADE: (shocked by hand buzzer) huh is my hand.
TOVAR: hello, is not suspicious. (throws a water balloon in griggs' face.
GRIGGS: uuhh, what the-
TOVAR: oohoohaha.
GRIGGS: hgh! (jumps him and starts beating on him)
TOVAR: ooh ooh, my trick, my trick!
TOVAR: tovar is also suggesting burn down person's house for extra good trick!
TOVAR: oh-ho is funny, is national joke of my country.
SAM: tovar that is not an acceptable trick.
DR. CHALMERS: that's right. unless you live in detroit.
SAM: it's not acceptable there either!
NIKKI: tovar, why don't you just tp the guy's yard or something?
TOVAR: yai, tovar can no afford toilet paper. is more expensive than paper money from tovar's country.
NIKKI: okay, that's scary.
DR. CHALMERS: it is halloween.
SAM: hey nikki, what're you doing here anyway? we thought you mysteriously died.
DR. CHALMERS: hey where'd you get that scaaary costume?
NIKKI: costume? i'm not wearing a costume.
GRIM REAPER: hgggg, me neither.
EVERYONE EXCEPT TOVAR: ahhh!
TOVAR: yai!!!
GRIGGS: you guys are a buncha halloweenies. heh-heh, get it? halloween plus weenie equals you. huh huh, score that was awesome. now everybody give me your candy or it's punchin' time! you first grim reaper! and no raisins. or pennies. unless they're those like, you know, chocolate covered pennies. 'cause those would be awesome. score. some money and food all at once.
CATHERINE:we can't tell you how excited the studio is to bring your vision to the big screen.
SAM:thanks. i hope you can understand i prefer to work independantly.
DUTCHMILLER:of course, independantly within the system.
CATHERINE:so, tell us about this movie you want to make.
SAM:well, i want this film to be gritty, urban, to have an edge.
DUTCHMILLER:yes, an edge, and a funny sidekick.
SAM:what? no! no comedy, it needs to be totally raw, like reservoir dogs.
CATHERINE:ooh, a dog would make a great sidekick.
SAM:no sidekicks!
DUTCHMILLER:well a dog can't be a romantic lead, i mean seriously.
SAM:no dogs either!
CATHERINE:okay fine, we'll use cats. anything to satisfy your vision.
SAM:this isn't even a real film!
DUTCHMILLER:you're right! we're going to shoot digital and save a fortune!
CATHERINE:sounds purrfect.
SAM:oh son of a bi-
DUTCHMILLER:hey, snappy title!
DUTCHMILLER:so good news everybody, the new draft of the screenplay scored through the roof with the focus groups.
CATHERINE:huge numbers.
SAM:great.
CATHERINE:very big.
DUTCHMILLER:just one small problem. noone likes the characters.
SAM:which ones?
CATHERINE:any of them.
SAM:but it's a character-driven story.
DUTCHMILLER:and they're not crazy about the story either.
SAM:okay. i might be able to change one or two characters to be more appealing.
CATHERINE:sure, just one or two.
DUTCHMILLER:or seven.
CATHERINE:just rework the main characters.
DUTCHMILLER:and the supporting ones.
CATHERINE:and the extras.
DUTCHMILLER:basically anyone who talks or appears on screen.
SAM:any suggestions?
CATHERINE:ooh, i know: what if the main character was an evil cyborg, hell bent on revenge?
SAM:instead of a twelve year old altar boy?
SAM:but how would i tell the rest of the story?
DUTCHMILLER:you could use a narrator- wait! a time travelling narrator.
CATHERINE:i smell a people's choice award. it smells like roses made of money.
DUTCHMILLER:so your new idea, this film, it's so... what's the word i'm searching for here?
CATHERINE:street?
DUTCHMILLER:no.
CATHERINE:dope?
DUTCHMILLER:no.
CATHERINE:tight?
DUTCHMILLER:uh uh.
CATHERINE:mad tight.
DUTCHMILLER:no, that's not it.
CATHERINE:the bomb?
DUTCHMILLER:nope.
CATHERINE:the explosion?
DUTCHMILLER:noooo.
CATHERINE:the ka-boom?
DUTCHMILLER:nope.
CATHERINE:off the hook?
DUTCHMILLER:no.
CATHERINE:off the heezie fo sheezie?
DUTCHMILLER:oh no.
CATHERINE:the bizzong?
DUTCHMILLER:nope, don't think so.
CATHERINE:that shiznizzle thing?
DUTCHMILLER:hmm, wrong again.
CATHERINE:mad dope with our key demographic?
DUTCHMILLER:it's punk! that's it, totally punk.
SAM:yeah, it's a movie about punk rock.
CATHERINE:and it's mad tight, we're going to promote this in the biggest way possible. on the for real tip!
DUTCHMILLER:imagine this: everyone at the premiere wears purple mohawks. how punk is that?
SAM:that's not punk at all.
CATHERINE:i know, i'm going to burn my bra.
DUTCHMILLER:fantastic!
SAM:that's not punk either!
DUTCHMILLER:let's all burn our bras!
CATHERINE:ooh yes, and let's all get tattoos of the name of the film!
SAM:no no no!
CATHERINE:we'll be hardcore ink.
NIKKI:(on other end of dutchmiller's cell phone) hello?
DUTCHMILLER:nikki! i need three hundred bras by noon. right, usual place.
NIKKI:uh huh? sure.
DUTCHMILLER:just have them put it on my account.
NIKKI:got it.
NIKKI:it was good, but there was no famous people in it.
DUTCHMILLER:hey, it's the director! sam, we'd like you to meet the focus group that evaluated your wonderful terrible movie.
WADE:which movie was yours, dude?
SAM:the one where you wanted to turn my main character in to a cyborg.
WADE:...can you be more specific?
DR. CHALMERS:this is ridiculous anyway. these forms make no sense.
SAM:forms?
GRIGGS:there's a space for character development but not one for car chases, what gives?
DR. CHALMERS:look here: on my form, you misspelled 'explosions' as 'exposition.' now that's just careless.
DUTCHMILLER:we need new forms.
DR. CHALMERS:and where's the checkbox for more nudity?
DUTCHMILLER:we need new forms immediately!
SAM:why am i even here? i really don't need to meet the focus group.
CATHERINE:yes you do, because you're going to be living with them for the next six months!
SAM:what?
DUTCHMILLER:the studio's television group came up with a great promotional idea for your film!
CATHERINE:a documentary style reality show sitcom starring you and the focus group.
DUTCHMILLER:don't you just love it?
CATHERINE:you're on t.v. right now!
SAM:this is ridiculous!
RANDOM CAT:reaow!!!
DUTCHMILLER:so sam, this turn of the century period piece you've written, it's great. good, really okay, somewhat below average, everyone hates it.
CATHERINE:the focus group thinks it just needs a little something extra.
SAM:extra?
CATHERINE:griggs, why don't you share your idea?
GRIGGS:guns.
SAM:guns? just because it's set in the old west doesn't mean it has to be a shootemup.
GRIGGS:uh, lasers.
SAM:lasers? i don't even think light bulbs had been invented.
GRIGGS:knives? no wait- laser knives.
DUTCHMILLER:brilliant! i can already see the toys.
BILLY:aw...
BILLY:yay!!!
SAM:this doesn't make sense.
DR. CHALMERS:i think the old wagon should be a spaceship.
WADE:dude! yeah! and it should also have lasers too man!
BILLY:howdy partners.
WADE:blasterenies man!
CATHERINE:why not? lasers for everyone!
DR. CHALMERS:he-hey!
WADE:a laser wagon man!
DR. CHALMERS:hoorah!
WADE:i would totally drive one of those.
SAM:what makes you people even think you're qualified to judge my movie?
DR. CHALMERS:qualifications? i don't have to qualify my qualities. i'm naturally critically-minded.
WADE:me too man! i've seen like every summer blockbuster ever, and fer the good ones, i was like "whoa!"
SAM:and what about the bad ones?
WADE:i was like, whoa.
CATHERINE:we have an extensive screening process.
WADE:did you say screening process? i gotta go.
DR. CHALMERS:now, see here! i did not consent to a medical test. i will not be poked and prodded for your amusement.
CATHERINE:actually you did. it was one of the checkboxes in the movie evaluation form.
GRIGGS:dammit! tricked by multiple choice again.
DR. CHALMERS:okay, prod away. feel free to giggle!
SAM:i can't be part of this, this is not what filmmaking is about. this is a travesty, you're destroying my vision!
DUTCHMILLER:sam, sam, if by "travesty" you mean "the road to worldwide fame and stardom"-
CATHERINE:and if by "destroying" you mean "filling with sex and money"-
DR. CHALMERS:then you're exactly right.
SAM:... i want my own parking space.
DUTCHMILLER:you have high standards.
CATHERINE:what a directorial genius. mwah!
GUY:alright lazer-dog, we settle this once and for all. now on my count of three, we draw g-
DOG:ruff.
GUY:we draw gun-
DOG:ruff.
GUY:stop it-
DOG:ruff.
GUY:stop interrupting me.
DOG:ruff.
GUY:no, no-
DOG:ruff.
GUY:-bad, bad dog-
DOG:ruff.
GUY:heel!
DOG:ruff.
GUY:stay.
DOG:ruff.
GUY:sit.
DOG:ruff.
GUY:enough!
DOG:ruff.
GUY:on my count of three, we draw guns, and fight, to the finish.
DOG:ruff.
GUY:one... two... three.
GUY:ngh ngh! nnnnnnnngh, ngh-
DOG:ruff, ruff.
SOME SOLDIER: alright, all clear, mov'er up.
SECOND SOLDIER: roger that.
SECOND SOLDIER: bravo 2, you assist bravo 1. bravo 3, i need you to secure the perimiter and make sure everyone's locked and loaded.
THIRD SOLDIER WITH FRANK WRITTEN ACROSS THE BACK OF HIS JACKET: it was first mission with bravo squad. we'd been called in to investigate some paranormal activity around an old warehouse. something about a little girl ghost. i guess they figured five guys with guns could handle one little girl. i only hoped they were right.
FOURTH SOLDIER WEARING A GAS MASK: hey man, would you just shut up already?
SECOND SOLDIER: bravo 3 hey, three! you listenin' to me?
BRAVO 3: sorry chief, the new guy's doing that wild narrating stuff again. keeps distracting me.
CHIEF: frank...
FRANK: yes sir?
CHIEF: i thought i told you to stop talkin' to yourself.
FRANK: oh. sorry, it just helps calm me down. ...i'm nervous.
FIRST SOLDIER: well chew some gum or somethin'. that running commentary's freakin' me out.
FIFTH SOLDIER: yeah. and don't talk about me in the past tense. that's rude.
BRAVO 3: and don't call me the gas mask guy. i have a name you know. it's bravo 3!
FRANK: sorry everybody, sorry, it's just my first day and i'm a little nervous, alright? i know it's hard to believe but i've never actually seen a ghost before.
FIFTH SOLDIER: neither have we, but you don't hear us making monologues about how dark the hallway is, or how it always feels like somethin's right behind us.
FIRST SOLDIER: okay, now you're freakin' me out, stop it you assholes!
FRANK: you guys haven't seen a ghost before? i thought that's what this squad does! hunts ghosts and weird stuff!
BRAVO 3: just because we hunt some freaky-ass shit, doesn't mean we ever find anything.
FIFTH SOLDIER: i don't even believe in ghosts.
FRANK: what!?
FIRST SOLDIER: me neither.
FRANK: well then what do you guys do all the time?
FIRST SOLDIER: we collect the easiest paycheck on earth, that's what we do.
BRAVO 3: yep. some secretary'll feel a chill down her spine, or a coffee mug moves across the conference table, they call us in.
FIFTH SOLDIER: we show up, look around, say we saw some weird stuff, and that we chased it off, case closed, miller time!
BRAVO 3: let's have a cold one.
CHIEF: i do still have to write reports.
FRANK: you guys are a bunch of phonies! this is ridiculous!
FIRST SOLDIER: i'll tell you what's ridiculous, they arm us with a machine gun capable of firing three hundred rounds a second, and they expect us to use it to fight spirits? hai mean, come on, what's this thing gonna do? i may as well try to stab it with a dinner fuck!
CHIEF: what the hell is a dinner fuck? bravo 1? hey, where's bravo 1?
BRAVO 3: he was standin' right there a second ago.
CHIEF: i didn't ask where he was a second ago, i'm askin' where he is now.
FIFTH SOLDIER: alright, calm down, i'm sure there's a logical explanation for all of this.
BRAVO 1: (screaming from around the corner where he was dragged off to) oh my god, no! no ow! ahhh! whaaaaaaaow!
BRAVO 2 (BY PROCESS OF ELIMINATION): for instance-
BRAVO 1: i'm gonna die!
BRAVO 2: maybe he decided to go in the next room.
BRAVO 1: somebody help me!
BRAVO 2: and make bone crunching noises?
BRAVO 1: aaaow!
BRAVO 2: and scream at the top of his lungs.
BRAVO 1: oh my god that was my leg!
FRANK: so when's the part when we say we-
BRAVO 1: oh!
FRANK: pretend like we chased it away?
BRAVO 1: that's higher up on the same leg, ahh!
CHIEF: oh man, i am really not lookin' forward to writin' the report on this one.
BRAVO 1: oh my god, if someone doesn't help me i'm not gonna be alive, oooohh! oh my god i'm gonna die, i need help! ahahahahahohow, ohohohohoohw, ohow!
BRAVO 1: (from wherever he is) (screams) oh god that one hurt!
FRANK: shouldn't we try to help him!?
BRAVO 1: oh, somebody help me!
CHIEF: okay, hold on, we don't know for sure that he is in trouble. come in bravo 1, do you need assistance? hmm, no answer. i guess we should assume he's okay.
FRANK: he's screaming! what else do you need to hear?
BRAVO 1: if someone doesn't help me i'm gonna freaking die!
FRANK: there, see!?
BRAVO 3: bravo 1's a cool customer. he'll probably work through it on his own.
BRAVO 1: oh it just ate my leg!
FRANK: what ate your leg!? what ate his leg?
BRAVO 1: i needed my leg!
FRANK: he's gotta have his leg!
BRAVO 2: i'm sure there's a perfectly logical explanation for all of this.
BRAVO 3: you always say that man.
BRAVO 2: well, that's because there's always a logical explanation.
BRAVO 1: ow! owww!
BRAVO 3: what about the time we saw that spiral notebook? floatin'. in mid air.
BRAVO 1: oh my god why is someone talking about the notebook?
BRAVO 2: the window was open. the wind could have blown it off the table.
BRAVO 1: i need help!
BRAVO 3: yeah, but that still doens't explain how the words "get out bravo team" suddenly appeared on one of the pages.
BRAVO 1: you're driving me freaking crazy, someone's gotta be able to hear me screaming. ah! (gurgle gurgle gurgle)
BRAVO 2: maybe it was on one of alpha team's notebook, those guys have always been jealous.
BRAVO 1: ...
FRANK: he's stopped. i think he's dead.
CHIEF: bravo 1, i say again, do you need assistance?
BRAVO 1: ...
CHIEF: yeah, he's dead. maybe we should just-
BRAVO 1: haow!
CHIEF: huh?
BRAVO 1: why am i getting a call, on the radio? oh my god, just come in here and start shooting! owhowhow, ooh! yah! this time i'm really gonna die, i mean it! (coughing) (gurgling) (ominous silence)
CHIEF: okay, that's it, it's time to take some action here.
FRANK: oh so now we're gonna take action. great.
CHIEF: bravo 3, i need you to go in that room, ascess the situation, and report back to me.
BRAVO 3: uh, shouldn't we go in numerical order chief?
CHIEF: what?
BRAVO 3: well bravo 1 went in first. doesn't really make sense to send in bravo 3, when clearly it's bravo 2's turn.
BRAVO 2: okay, that's bullshit.
BRAVO 3: then why even have the numbers in the first place bravo 2? you need to be thinking about the system.
BRAVO 2: screw the system, in fact i think i just got promoted to bravo 1, which makes you bravo 2 now, so it's your turn!
BRAVO 3: i think even you have to realize what a poorly formed argument that is.
CHIEF: well someone needs to go in there and evaluate the situation.
BRAVO 2: i can evaluate just fine from out here. we're in the hallway, and we're alive. bravo 1 walked in to that room, and now he's about fifty different kinds of fucked up. that's the situation.
FRANK: he didn't walk in the room, he- he was pulled in by some unseen force!
BRAVO 2: i'm sure there's a perfectly logical explanation for that.
FRANK: stop saying that!
CHIEF: o-kay, i'm goin' in.
FRANK: finally!
CHIEF: men, you stay here. frank, you're with me.
FRANK: good idea. wait- what?
CHIEF: okay frank, we'll go in side by side... mm, you first.
FRANK: okay... (runs off)
CHIEF: you two stay here. if anything kills frank, i'll scream the code-word 'corduroy', then you rush in.
BRAVO 3: why the code-word, chief, is frank gettin' killed a secret?
CHIEF: i don't wanna lose the element of surprise.
BRAVO 3: what exactly are you surprising, the hypothetical thing that's already killin' frank? wouldn't it already know? and i think a code-word is just gonna be too hard to remember in a panic situation, what happens if you get mixed up?
CHIEF: bravo 3, this overanalyzation's just gonna get someone hurt.
FRANK: whoo! hey chief, get in here!
CHIEF: see? (runs off)
BRAVO 3: damn. that's some wildass freaky shit bravo 2.
BRAVO 2: i'm sure there's a perfectly logical explanation for it all, right? right?
BRAVO 3: man, i don't even know why i talk to you sometimes.
BRAVO 2: if he yells corduroy, i'm fuckin' outta here!
BRAVO 3: ditto.
FRANK: chief, chief!
CHIEF: frank, what's wrong?
FRANK: what do you mean what's wrong? look! there's blood everywhere!
CHIEF: whoa, whose blood is it? is it your blood frank?
FRANK: no it's not my blood! if it was my blood i wouldn't be saying "look at the blood," i would be saying "god help me i'm out of blood, someone get me more blood!"
CHIEF: maybe it's bravo 1's blood.
FRANK: ya think!?
CHIEF: oh come on now frank, this is no time to get sarcastic. we have some unclaimed blood here.
FRANK: it goes around the corner. maybe we should follow it.
CHIEF: good idea frank. you go check it out, and report back to me.
FRANK: (peering around the corner) i don't see anything. just the same poorly lit hallways, and doorways with no doors. man these decorators really had weird taste.
CHIEF: what the- holy crap! uh- denim! polyester! dammit bravo 3, you jinxed me.
FRANK: what did you say chief? chief! hey, where'd all your meat go?
BRAVO 2: oh shit, i think i heard him yell it!
BRAVO 3: nope. i definitely heard denim. my guess is some crafty ghost is tryin' to crack the code. that's one smartass poltergeist.
BRAVO 2: okay well uh, i'm goin' to the car.
BRAVO 3: what for?
BRAVO 2: who knows, maybe a zombie's tryin' to steal it.
BRAVO 3: come on, man, what zombie's gonna wanna roll in a '72 plymouth? besides, i thought you didn't beleive in zombies.
BRAVO 2: man, i'd believe in the easter bunny if it got me out of this hallway.
BRAVO 3: what was that?
BRAVO 2: what was what?
BRAVO 3: something hit me, something invisible.
BRAVO 2: oh come on, i'm sure there's a perfectly logical-
BRAVO 2: holy shit! punching ghosts!
BRAVO 3: take that! (shoots out the picture behind bravo 2)
BRAVO 2: stop it, you're gonna kill somebody with that thing!
BRAVO 3: alright then, let's do this thing, mano y mano. (puts down the gun and puts up his dukes) come on bitch.
BRAVO 2: (also puts down his gun) yeah, bring it!
BRAVO 3: (ducking and weaving) stick'n move, stick'n move! (throws a couple punches in to the air)
BRAVO 2: (does a jumping roundhouse kick) hwaaa! (punches the air too) come on, come on! where the hell is he? who's mah bitch now? who's your daddy? these hands are lethal weapons!
FRANK: what're you doing?
FRANK: ow, somethin' hit me!
BRAVO 2: is it gone? i think we scared it off!
BRAVO 3: we showed that punkass ghost. don't tangle with bravo team... the baddest team around.
BRAVO 2: hell yeah! now let's run the fuck away!
FRANK: what if it's not gone?
BRAVO 3: whaddaya mean?
FRANK: well, it's invisible right? what if it's in the room with us right now!? in fact, for all we know, the ghost could have possessed someone in the group!
BRAVO 3: ...that's a good point, frank.
BRAVO 2: ow! what the hell?
FRANK: oh god are you crazy!? what did you do that for?
BRAVO 3: it's like you said frank, the ghost possessed one of us, and since the ghost wouldn't tell us its plan, i knew you weren't possessed. and since i was positive i wasn't possessed, then logically it must have been bravo 2.
FRANK: but it was just a guess!
BRAVO 3: not really, i thought it through pretty carefully. you want me to go through it again?
FRANK: no, i mean i was guessing!
BRAVO 3: oh. then maybe you should have said that.
FRANK: i did!
BRAVO 3: i don't know, frank, you sounded pretty confident to me.
FRANK: look, let's just get out of here. come on!
BRAVO 3: what about the chief?
FRANK: oh, right. he's dead.
BRAVO 3: it seems like you would have mentioned this earlier.
FRANK: when, when we were boxing the ghost? or when you were randomly killing people?
BRAVO 3: hmm. you seem to have a pretty good understanding of everything that's going on. (reloads) frank.
FRANK: wait a second-
BRAVO 3: no you wait. it's pretty convenient that a bunch of wild stuff started happening the day you showed up. everyone seems to die when they get alone with you.
FRANK: bravo 1 wasn't alone with me, and you killed bravo 2!
BRAVO 3: because you told me to.
FRANK: that was just a guess!
BRAVO 3: well, you're not fooling me again you crafty ghost. fool me once, shame on me. fool me twice? (cocks the shotgun) shame on ghost.
FRANK: no!
BRAVO 3: huu, huh o huuu!
FRANK: what happened!?
BRAVO 3: it got me frank.
FRANK: man i really need to start paying better attention.
BRAVO 3: you wanna help me down man? i think i can make it.
FRANK: i don't know man, you look like shit. and those spikes look like they go all the way through. y- you know you're not really a doctor, i mean i- i don't know if you're qualified to say who's gonna make it and who isn't.
BRAVO 3: that's a good point frank, i really should have stayed in school. i guess my mom was wrong.
FRANK: ooh, ooh, wh- why don't i go get a doctor, and i'll uh, you know bring him back?
BRAVO 3: i don't- don't- mbruuuuh
FRANK: well you know what? i think i'm just gonna run away. seeya! ...oh crap.
RADIO VOICE: alright alpha team, we don't want any mistakes. just get in there and find out what happened to bravo squad.
ALPHA 2: i got a survivor here!
ALPHA 1: command, we got one.
COMMAND: roger that.
ALPHA 1: hey bravo 4, where's the rest of your team?
FRANK: (sounding like a teenager going through puberty) they're dead... they're all dead. it took their bodies.
ALPHA 1: prep him for evac. i'll keep looking.
ALPHA 2: bravo 4, can you move?
FRANK: yeah, but don't call me bravo 4. my name is, fraaank.
ALPHA 2: well hey frank, your eyes are kinda red. you want some eye drops?
FRANK: that's okay.
ALPHA 2: your voice is raspy too.
FRANK: i need some water.
GUY:crap.
TECH SUPPORT:tech support.
GUY:yeah... yeah my-h, my weapon's jammed. ugh.
TECH SUPPORT:okay, no problem. you know what model you're running today?
GUY:yeah it's a-
GUY:ugh. u-e-ough, uh.
TECH SUPPORT:you sound busy. maybe you should call back at another time.
GUY:h-h-4-5! my my gun, my gun's an h-h-4-5.
TECH SUPPORT:hey ah, do you know what software version you're runnin'.
GUY:i uh...
TECH SUPPORT:sir?
GUY:thi this thing runs software?
TECH SUPPORT:okay, you know what? let's go ahead and restart. i want you to eject the mag, then i want you to press and hold the trigger for sixty seconds that's six zero. can you do that?
GUY:sixty seconds? ah-are are you kidding me uh- i'm in the middle of a firefight.
TROLL 1:alright, let's do this right.
GUY:(in background) we're getting murdered here.
TROLL 1:boss says we can't make any mistakes this time.
TROLL 2:how come this time?
TROLL 1:huh?
TROLL 2:well, i mean like he always says that. i mean, at what point is he gonna say "okay, this time guys you can totally fuck everything up if you want to"?
THIRD GUY:(in background) okay, that was really close. i mean it!
TROLL 1:yeah, sarcasm.
GUY:(in background) they keep-
TROLL 1:that helps.
GUY:(in background) they keep doing it to me.
TECH SUPPORT:still holdin' down that trigger?
GUY:uh yes.
TECH SUPPORT:okay 'bout thirty more seconds.
GUY:jesus, wh-why does this thing take so long?
TECH SUPPORT:yeah we designed it that way because uh, we charge by the minute for the tech support.
GUY:...
TECH SUPPORT:just kidding, sorta.
GUY:(in background) i don't know how much longer i can hold down this trigger.
TROLL 2:it's like he presupposes that every time we go on a mission we turn in to some bumbling troupe of idiots.
GUY:(in background) how much longer!?
TROLL 2:i mean, why can't he say something like-
GUY:(in background) it's gotta be totally time!
TROLL 2:i don't know, this time go out there and accomplish an error-free mission objective, like you always do.
GUY:(in background) the baby he's got at the end of this wall is going to bake me.
TROLL 1:why the hell would he say that?
TROLL 2:i don't know dude, maybe because some positive reinforcement wouldn't be the end of the god damn world.
GUY:is it sixty seconds yet?!
TECH SUPPORT:okay give it a sec, go ahead and reinsert your mag-
TECH SUPPORT:and let it roll.
TECH SUPPORT:tech support.
GUY:god damn let it roll? let what roll? certainly not my rifle, that's for fricking sure. son of a mother fucking-
TECH SUPPORT:sir there's no reason to get upset.
GUY:i wanna talk to your manager right now.
TECH SUPPORT:sir there's no need to-
GUY:right now.
TECH SUPPORT:...alright, one moment. ... this is the manager, how can i help you today?
GUY:...this is the same guy with a funny voice.
TECH SUPPORT:no sir, this is the manager.
GUY:you've gotta be kidding me.
TECH SUPPORT:what seems to be the problem?
GUY:you know the problem!
TECH SUPPORT:no sir, we've never talked before. so i don't know what you're referring to.
GUY:my weapon, is jammed.
TECH SUPPORT:have you restarted?
GUY:you know i've restarted!
TECH SUPPORT:sir?
GUY:son of a- yes i've restarted.
TECH SUPPORT:well have you checked your clip?
GUY:clip? why would i- wait. are- are you implying i'm out of bullets?
TECH SUPPORT:well aren'tcha?
GUY:no!
TECH SUPPORT:according to the readout it says you're outta bullets.
GUY:readout!? are you kidding me?
TECH SUPPORT:sir, whatever the readout states becomes policy, please.
GUY:what? what does that even mean?
TECH SUPPORT:sir, never disparage the readout.
GUY:this is unbelievable.
GUY:hit me!
ELF:what!? bidderman, what did you say?
BIDDERMAN:throw me a mag!
BIDDERMAN:time to finish this.
TROLL 3:rwawr.
TROLL 3:he did it again.
TROLL 2:beakman did it again.
TROLL 3:he did it again.
TROLL 1:he did it again!
TROLL 2:beakman-
TROLL 1:my god he did it again.
TROLL 4 (BEAKMAN):i'm magical. i'm... the one.
VOICE:you, are the one.
BIDDERMAN:what? where are you? show yourself.
VOICE:fate has brought you here, michael bidderman.
BIDDERMAN:ho-ly crap. is that voice coming from that tree?
TREE:yes.
BIDDERMAN:...seriously?
TREE:you, are a holder of the magic.
BIDDERMAN:what? but there's no such thing as magic.
TREE:you're talking to a glowing tree.
BIDDERMAN:you make a good point. but wait!- how, how can that be?
TREE:because of your essence.
BIDDERMAN:essence... isn't that like a, shampoo?
TREE:it's a magical force.
BIDDERMAN:no no, i... i have no essence.
TREE:yes you do, everybody has essence.
BIDDERMAN:i don't.
TREE:yes you do, here, look.
BIDDERMAN:what the fuck.
BIDDERMAN:don't, do that!
TREE:i didn't do that... you did that.
BIDDERMAN:what?
TREE:oh um, one other thing, you're on the wrong side.
BIDDERMAN:what?
TREE:um just tell them frank sent you?
BIDDERMAN:what? who's frank?
BEAKMAN:i, am the magic.
THIRD GUY:i am the magic? what the fuck was that?
ELF:do you smell bacon?
THIRD GUY:what just happened to bidderman?
ELF:why does it smell like bacon?
THIRD GUY:okay, let's, let's not panic. i brought a cyanide pill for each of us.
ELF:what?
THIRD GUY:okay johnson, lay down some cover fire.
JOHNSON:ow! fuck you, you lay down some cover fire.
THIRD GUY:what's the deal, johnson? you think that that guy is magical.
JOHNSON:i do not.
THIRD GUY:yes you do. you think that guy is magical.
JOHNSON:i do not! i do not think that guy is magical. there is no such thing as magic.
BIDDERMAN:aaaah! uhh. oh.
JOHNSON:bidderman?
TROLL 3:it's him!
THIRD GUY:you're back!
JOHNSON:and you smell like bacon! why do you smell like bacon?
TROLL 1:blast him!
BIDDERMAN:aaah! huhh! why!? please stop- uh! i think that was the last time-
BIDDERMAN:(in background) dee! ah!
TROLL 2:why do you always say that?
BIDDERMAN:(in background: run!
TROLL 1:say what?
TROLL 2:you know-
BIDDERMAN:(in background) uh!
TROLL 2:-"blast him."
TROLL 1:what should i say?
TROLL 2:i don't know. how about something like-
BIDDERMAN:(falling down in the background) uuuuh!
TROLL 2:-"eliminate the acquisition target."
BIDDERMAN:(in background) i keep moving!
TROLL 1:what?
BIDDERMAN:(in background) again!?
TROLL 1:you want me to say, "eliminate the question target?"
BIDDERMAN:aaaaaaah!
TROLL 2:blast him!
TROLL 1:eliminate the question target!
TROLL 2:no you're right, blast him is better.
JOHNSON:okay what now, genius?
THIRD GUY:maybe we should fall back.
JOHNSON:what!? why!?
THIRD GUY:we're out-manned, we're out-gunned!
JOHNSON:and?
TROLL 3:you're out-magicked! that's right bitches! you're out-magicked. so suck it! nobody fucks with beakman! my man beakman is the one!
BEAKMAN:yeah, that's right! i'm the one. nobody fucks with me! you've been- out-beakmaaaned-
BEAKMAN:noooooooooo...
BEAKMAN:yoouuuuu aaaaassshooooooooole...
BIDDERMAN:how's that for magic you dickheads?
TROLL 2:...
TROLL 1:...huh, beakman got shot.
TROLL 2:weird. ...you think he's hurt?
THIRD GUY:bidderman!
JOHNSON:bidderman you're back!
THIRD GUY:you did it! don't ever leave us again bidderman.
JOHNSON:you did it!
BIDDERMAN:yeaaah, that's right! i did it! me! bidderman! and there's nobody, and nothing, that can stop me now!-
THIRD GUY:oh god dammit.
JOHNSON:there's that bacon smell again. okay. now i'm getting hungry.
TECH SUPPORT:uh huh? yeah? yeeah?
THIRD GUY:huh? yeah? uh huh? what- uhuh!
TECH SUPPORT:ungh? uh-uh.
THIRD GUY: yes.
TECH SUPPORT:nope.
THIRD GUY:whaaa?
TECH SUPPORT:ih uh.
THIRD GUY:no.
TECH SUPPORT:aww. neh-
THIRD GUY:what?
TECH SUPPORT:ah right.
THIRD GUY:oooooh.
TECH SUPPORT:...uh uh.
THIRD GUY:oh.
JOHNSON:what's he saying. what's he saying?
TECH SUPPORT:euhh?
THIRD GUY:uh huh?
TECH SUPPORT:gotcha.
THIRD GUY:he says there's no such thing as magic.
JOHNSON:but bidderman just teleported. tell him bidderman just teleported.
TECH SUPPORT:yeah, according to the readout bidderman didn't teleport.
THIRD GUY:what?
TECH SUPPORT:he was just experiencing some minor lag in the system.
THIRD GUY:what are you kidding me? minor lag in the system? that guy teleported and you've got- what? no i don't wanna talk to your manager.
TECH SUPPORT:from your point of view it just seemed like he teleported.
THIRD GUY:from my point of view it seemed like he fucking exploded!
JOHNSON:you should tell him about the bacon smell.
TECH SUPPORT:but really it was lag.
THIRD GUY:was not.
TECH SUPPORT:ah, one other thing.
THIRD GUY:no, nothin' else!
TECH SUPPORT:now that uh, bidderman has teleported-
THIRD GUY:you mean lagged?
TECH SUPPORT:...right. if he asks back on the team, say no.
THIRD GUY:what?
BIDDERMAN:aaaaaah! ...oh god dammit.
TREE:you have many questions, michael bidderman.
BIDDERMAN:i do?
TREE:but behold... for i have brought you your teacher. and mentor. the one that will show you the way.
BIDDERMAN:mentor?
TREE:rejoice! for his name be... beakman.
BIDDERMAN:what?
TREE:beakman is, his name is beakman.
BIDDERMAN:uh huh.
TREE:he's a great guy-
BIDDERMAN:oh man.
TREE:a father of three-
BIDDERMAN:crap.
TREE:oh and he holds a charity auction every spring for-
BIDDERMAN:yeah... uhm...
TREE:what.
BIDDERMAN:uhh yeah, i think i killed that guy.
TREE:what?
BIDDERMAN:uh, you see what had happened was uh...
TREE:are you fucking kidding me?
BIDDERMAN:hey they they were shooting at us.
TREE:you are retarded!
BIDDERMAN:very awkward.
TREE:you killed beakman.
BIDDERMAN:they, they they were taunting us, uh...
TREE:what did i say to you the last time we were here?
BIDDERMAN:uh...
TREE:i said you were on the wrong side.
BIDDERMAN:uh oops!
TREE:wh-
BIDDERMAN:uh.
TREE:what're you som- are you some kind of idiot?
BIDDERMAN:uhhh...
TREE:okay, you know what mister shooty-guy, you can just-
BIDDERMAN:but-
TREE:you can just figure it out on your own.
BIDDERMAN:but ahh!
TROLL 3:okay guys, we need to regroup.
TROLL 2:aren't we more of a horde?
TROLL 3:huh?
TROLL 1:what?
TROLL 2:well like, instead of regroup, shouldn't we rehorde? you know grammatically speaking.
TROLL 1:how about "recollective"?
TROLL 3:...i like it, it's snappy.
BIDDERMAN:ahhh...
TROLL 3:it's that guy that killed beakman.
TROLL 1:blast him. wait, we did decide "blast him" is better, right?
TROLL 2:yeah, blast him is-
TROLL 3:smoke him.
TROLL 1:wow.
TROLL 2:yeah that's much cooler.
BIDDERMAN:wait, wait. um i- i uh i think, uh i think we're supposed to be on the same side.
TROLL 1:what?
TROLL 2:what?
TROLL 3:what makes you think that?
BIDDERMAN:i was talking to this um... guy, and um he said that we were uh, supposed to be on the uh, same side.
TROLL 3:what?
BIDDERMAN:yeah, he said.
TROLL 3:you were talking to a guy...
BIDDERMAN:yeah.
TROLL 3:and he said we were supposed to be on the same side.
BIDDERMAN:...he was special.
TROLL 3:a special guy told you that we were supposed to be on the same side.
THIRD GUY:is that bidderman?
JOHNSON:is he socializing with the other side?
BIDDERMAN:um yeah, uh i mean there look, uh i mean even our clothes-
TROLL 2:our clothes? what the fuck does that have to do with anything?
TROLL 3:wait. are you judging me by the colour clothes i wear?
BIDDERMAN:well he said-
TROLL 3:you know what, that is wrong, man.
TROLL 1:that's wrong, man.
TROLL 3:that is just wrong.
TROLL 2:not cool bro, not cool.
TROLL 3:i mean that doesn't even make any sense. just because our clothes are the same colour, that means we should be on the same side? i have an idea. why don't we break ourselves up as some random colour groups? according to that logic, that means that pointy-eared elf should be on our side.
BIDDERMAN:johnson?
JOHNSON:are they talking about me? my ears are burning.
THIRD GUY:pt- elves.
TROLL 3:does that mean that i should only be on the same side with someone that looks like me?
BIDDERMAN:well, i mean you guys do kinda look uh...
TROLL 3:what... alike?
BIDDERMAN:well... yeah.
TROLL 3:oh okay, you know what? screw you you racist bastard. blast him!
TROLL 1:smoke him was better.
TROLL 2:definitely.
BIDDERMAN:wait! frank says.
TROLL 1:frank-
TROLL 2:really?
BIDDERMAN:yeah. yeah, he he said i was uh, i was magical and that i was um supposed to replace beakman. uh and then i would uh lead you guys uh to victory! with magic.
TROLL 3:prove it.
BIDDERMAN:uhm, okay. uhyehehyeuouheeeh-
BIDDERMAN:gah!
TROLL 3:hey, he did it! ...it's looking at me.
TROLL 1:uh oh.
BLUE BEAST:*roaaaar!*
TROLL 3:no! oh god! whoah, daaaa! oh retreat back on! get off! sweet lord jesus, it's eating me!
BLUE BEAST:wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!
BIDDERMAN:i'll fix it, i'll fix it!
TROLL 3:ooh, ooh!
BLUE BEAST:yaaaaaaaaaaa!
TROLL 3:ooooooh!
BIDDERMAN:i can fix it. i can fix it.
BLUE BEAST:woooooooo!
TROLL 3:oh crap!
TROLL 3:holy god, get it off! oh god! get it off! get it off!
THIRD GUY:man, he's really kickin' their asses.
JOHNSON:yeah, i almost feel sorry for 'em.
THIRD GUY:poor troll bastards.
BLUE BEAST:*roaaaar*
TROLL 2:ouch! right in the troll hole.
THIRD GUY:let's go watch!
TROLL 3:this thing is vicious! like my troll mother in law! oooh!
BIDDERMAN:sorry!
TROLL 1:glad i'm not him.
TROLL 2:yeah no crap, right?
BLUE BEAST:(more yelling, more roaring)
TROLL 3:ooh...
TROLL 1:hey, you think he needs help?
TROLL 2:what, you mean the blue guy? naw he's doin' fine.
TROLL 3:oh! that was a choke.
TROLL 2:oh, wait... did you mean steve?
BIDDERMAN:sorry! sorry.
JOHNSON:what do you see?
BIDDERMAN:this one will definitely work. waaaa!
BIDDERMAN:aw crap.
TROLL 2:hey, i could use a little help over here.
TROLL 1:wow, ironic.
BIDDERMAN:sorry! sorry, okay okay okay, let me just, let me just try this. one, more time!
BEAKMAN:(growl)
JOHNSON:hey that troll just came back to life.
THIRD GUY:yeah, sure did.
JOHNSON:that's somethin' you don't see every day.
THIRD GUY:that's weird.
JOHNSON:right?
THIRD GUY:run!
BIDDERMAN:dammit! this magic is a piece of crap!
BEAKMAN:what in the hell is going on?
BIDDERMAN:beakman?
BLUE BEAST:*roar*
STEVE:ooooh, my troll penis. ohhhh... he bit it off.
BEAKMAN:jesus man, what're you doing?
BIDDERMAN:ah-
BEAKMAN:what did you do?
BIDDERMAN:eh, uh-
BEAKMAN:first you kill me, then you destroy our team?
BIDDERMAN:but-
BEAKMAN:you know what man?
BIDDERMAN:but-
BEAKMAN:i think you need to just go back, to the other side.
BIDDERMAN:what?
BEAKMAN:yeah, man. i think it would be for the best.
BIDDERMAN:bu-, but frank said, i- i was magical and, and i was the one-
BEAKMAN:the one!?
BIDDERMAN:i was on the wrong side-
TREE:yeah, tha- that's okay man, uh, i really think you should just, go back to the other side.
BEAKMAN:you told him he was the one?
TREE:listen it's complicated.
BEAKMAN:but you told me i was the one. the only one for you.
TREE:come on, this isn't what it looks like.
BEAKMAN:you said i was special.
TREE:we can talk about this later. look bidderman, um, you should really just go back to the other side.
BIDDERMAN:but-
TREE:it's not you, it's me.
BIDDERMAN:...what? are you... breaking up with me?
TREE:no, no, i, i just, i just think that we should see other people.
BEAKMAN:rrr.
TREE:other magical people.
BIDDERMAN:wait, eh- how'm i gonna control this, this magic?
TREE:okay, you know what? if you ever really get in trouble, and you have nowhere else you can turn, you could always use this.
TREE:(in background) those others meant nothing to me.
BEAKMAN:(in background) you said he was the one...
TREE:(in background) you know you're the only one for me.
THIRD GUY:hey.
BIDDERMAN:hey. what you guys uh...
THIRD GUY:yeah, yeah-
BIDDERMAN:doin'?
THIRD GUY:we should uh, we should, we should go. i think we, we need to be going.
BIDDERMAN:what?
THIRD GUY:now that you're all, magical and stuff-
BIDDERMAN:but!-
THIRD GUY:-we're thinkin' we shouldn't work together any more.
BIDDERMAN:but, but i'm not-
JOHNSON:don't make this difficult bidderman.
BIDDERMAN:but-
JOHNSON:he's making this difficult. i knew he'd make this difficult i told you earlier, i said he's gonna make it difficult he needs to make it-
THIRD GUY:it's not you, everybody knows you can't trust magical people.
BIDDERMAN:but uh...
THIRD GUY:but no offense.
JOHNSON:why are you doin' it bidderman, making things difficult.
BIDDERMAN:but i'm not magical, weyuh- it was just a misunderstanding.
THIRD GUY:hey there, bidderman? you do realize you're entirely made o' smoke, right?
BIDDERMAN:what? ...oh fuck.
THIRD GUY:i knew it! i knew you were magical. see johnson, i told you-
THIRD GUY:johnson?
JOHNSON:so let me get this straight. you're tellin' me, i'm magical, i'm on the wrong side, and, i'm also, the one.
TREE:yeah... that's about it. any questions?
JOHNSON:yes. why does magic smell like bacon?
BIDDERMAN:what the hell, what... god you gotta be kidding me!
TREE:if you ever really get in trouble, and you have nowhere else you can turn, you could always use this.
BIDDERMAN:fine.
GUY:spell support.
BIDDERMAN:... ... ... oh god dammit.
BLUE ROBOT:so... who's going to accept their surrender first? our team, right?
RED ROBOT:absolutely not. your team- why you first?
BLUE ROBOT:clearly they were intimidated by our superior technology. that's why they were so quick to surrender.
RED ROBOT:please, our spider tanks are the most advanced weapon in the universe.
BLUE ROBOT:yeah, right, real innovative: "hey guys, you know what's awesome? guns, right? and spiders too. hey, what if we put guns on spiders?"
RED ROBOT:worked in our last battle.
BLUE ROBOT:yeah well, spiders are scary.
BLUE ROBOT:uh, what was that?
RED ROBOT:they said their ambassador was gonna be here, right, now...
BLUE ROBOT:have you actually seen this ambassador?
RED ROBOT:...no.
BLUE ROBOT:have you seen any of this species that's surrendering to us?
RED ROBOT:no.
RED ROBOT:whoa. ...okay, you can talk to him first.
BLUE ROBOT:hwhat? no way.
RED ROBOT:okay, okay. hello!
TALL MECH: hello. are you the representatives of the all-powerful species that recently discovered our existence.
RED ROBOT:um... yes?
TALL MECH: excellent. on behalf of my species i would like to thank you for not instantly destroying us.
RED ROBOT:hey, yeah, no problem.
TALL MECH: are you willing to accept our surrender in return for the continued agreement not to destroy us.
BLUE ROBOT:sure. e- i mean you know, if it's cool with you guys.
TALL MECH: we are pleased.
BLUE ROBOT:sure. great. eh in that case, we accept.
TALL MECH: eah- error! i am unable to process your acceptance!
RED ROBOT:hey big guy, he doesn't really speak for both of us so, if there's a better way to-
TALL MECH: only the surrenderbot is authorized to accept.
RED ROBOT:-you're not the surrenderbot.
TALL MECH: no, i am just a lowly ambassatron. beeep. i will call the surrenderbot now. he will also be pleased.
RED ROBOT:hey, uh, what do you think he meant by lowly?
AMBASSATRON:this... is our surrenderbot.
RED ROBOT:okay, i went first last time, it's your turn.
RED ROBOT:so... what do we do?
AMBASSATRON:you may speak to surrenderbot directly.
RED ROBOT:um...
RED ROBOT:okay. hello! are you the surrenderbot?
SURRENDERBOT:iiiiiii aaammmmmmmmm the surrenderbot
BLUE ROBOT:holy crap!
RED ROBOT:what's it doing!?
SURRENDERBOT:iiiii am sorry. i was attempting to respond. it appears my voice was so loud that i temporarily deafened you and destroyed your transport device.
BLUE ROBOT:yeah...
SURRENDERBOT:i hope that will not anger you and make you rethink your acceptance of our surrender.
BLUE ROBOT:what? oh no, no that's fine we have a lot of those things.
SURRENDERBOT:excellent. i am authorized to transmit our official surrender if you are willing to accept.
RED ROBOT:sure!
SURRENDERBOT:excellent.
RED ROBOT:hey, wait!
BLUE ROBOT:dude he blew up your building.
RED ROBOT:i thought you were surrendering!?
SURRENDERBOT:i am trying.
RED ROBOT:then stop firing that disintegration ray!
SURRENDERBOT:that was not a weapon.
SURRENDERBOT:i was attempting to send an email.
RED ROBOT:...what!?
SURRENDERBOT:i did not anticipate that it would destroy your structure. i will send a retraction right away.
RED ROBOT:stop!
BLUE ROBOT:he is fucking you guys up.
RED ROBOT:stop! stop firing that weapon!
SURRENDERBOT:that was not a weapon.
SURRENDERBOT:that was my communication ray. i could fire a weapon for reference, if you would like.
RED ROBOT:no!
BLUE ROBOT:(at the same time) no!
SURRENDERBOT:perhaps i should send the email again without the attachment.
RED ROBOT:stop, stop! no more emails! no more anything!
SURRENDERBOT:i think the difference in our relative sizes is causing some issues.
RED ROBOT:...you think!?
SURRENDERBOT:i feel this will reflect negatively on my species, and you will destroy us. please, let me help put out the fires.
SURRENDERBOT:my bad.
RED CITIZEN:i'm burning! please send in help!
SURRENDERBOT:i'm here to help. please do not harm me.
RED CITIZEN:aw why!?
BLUE ROBOT:well, i don't know about you, but i think this surrender is going great.
RED CITIZEN:my car! come on!
DOG:*whimper*
RED CITIZEN:fifi!!!
SURRENDERBOT:i am here to assist. no thanks are necessary.
RED CITIZEN:oh my god, i'm dying!
BLUE ROBOT:there goes your ops center.
SURRENDERBOT:you are welcome.
RED ROBOT:ha-how do we stop him?
AMBASSATRON:do you not wish to accept our surrender?
RED ROBOT:why don't you surrender to the other guys for a while?
BLUE ROBOT:who us?
BLUE ROBOT:we're good. we don't need to get all formal and everything, let's just do this verbally. we win, you lose.
AMBASSATRON:verbal agreements do not stand up in court. we are machines. we require documentation.
BLUE ROBOT:noho, no documentation! where's he going?
AMBASSATRON:the surrenderbot fears the base will destroy us if we do not get equal time in the surrendering process.
RED ROBOT:yes! congrats dude!
BLUE ROBOT:no n-n-no, i told you, we're good. tell him to stay away. no emails!
AMBASSATRON:it will only take a moment to process. the surrenderbot has improved its efficiency 10 percent since the last negotiation.
BLUE ROBOT:no no, wait! we'll surrender! we surrender to you!
AMBASSATRON:but we are inferior.
BLUE ROBOT:you guys? naw, don't say that you guys are great. did you see how awesome you were at sending emails? and putting out the explosions from the emails? dude you guys don't give yourselves enough credit.
AMBASSATRON:...i don't know. there is a high probability you are just being nice.
BLUE ROBOT:come on. let us surrender to you! you guys totally deserve a break.
AMBASSATRON:we will consider your offer.
BLUE ROBOT:yes.
RED ROBOT:what? no way! bullshit.
BLUE ROBOT:you're just mad 'cause you didn't think of it.
RED ROBOT:well at least we didn't give up like a bunch of bitches.
RED CITIZENS:dear god we're still burning!
RED ROBOT:see?
BLUE ROBOT:what's happening?
AMBASSATRON:our surrenderbot is unable to process your directive. no-one has ever surrendered to us. he is... overheating.
BLUE ROBOT:uh oh.
AMBASSATRON:he will have to eject one of his fuel rods in order to avoid a ...meltdown.
BLUE ROBOT:is that the fuel rod?
AMBASSATRON:yes. but do not worry. there will be some radiation. but not enough to harm something even a tenth of surrenderbot's size.
BLUE ROBOT:but we're a hundredth it's size!
AMBASSATRON:you make an excellent point.
BLUE ROBOT:god dammit.
AMBASSATRON:hopefully this will not discourage you from continuing to surrender.
BLUE ROBOT:fuck this, i'm outta here.
RED ROBOT:wait for me dude!
AMBASSATRON:way to go jerk. you blew it again.
SURRENDERBOT:i am not very good at this.
AMBASSATRON:this is why no-one wants to hang out with us.
SURRENDERBOT:do you have to bring that up, every time?
AMBASSATRON:now we have to surrender to them all over again.
SURRENDERBOT:sorry. my bad.
RED CITIZEN:why isn't anybody helping me?
FIFI:*whimper-moan*
RED CITIZEN:shut up fifi!
MANAGER:well i'd like to thank you all for being here this morning...
MANAGER:i know it's rather difficult to get here at eleven fifteen, a.m.
MANAGER:but, i'm sure we are all familiar, with our newest client, captain dynamic.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:yes!
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:hello. thank you.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:thank you.
MANAGER:city of heroes has recently introduced tools that allow the users to create content in the game, so captain dynamic has hired us... to punch up some of his missions.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:indeed you see i feel the average user is unaware of how amazing my career is.
MANAGER:aaand i thought who better than our "crack writing team" to come up with some really great missions for the captain. yeah, drew?
JASON:it's jason, are we getting paid for this?
MANAGER:well aaas we create really great jobs for the captain and he gains notoriety, well that just means better things for us all.
JASON:better things like getting paid?
MANAGER:well again, it's gonna be really great exposure for us.
JASON:are we gonna be exposed to any money?
MANAGER:we'll look in to it.
MANAGER:so i thought it'd be rrreally great, to start with a solid concept, and build from there. captain why don't you tell us what you're looking for.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:well we need something that levels me up extremely quickly, with no effort from me whatsoever.
GEOFF:i don't- i don't think that's even allowed.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:how 'bout this: i save a cat from a tree, and get a glass fortress as a reward.
GEOFF:that's definitely not allowed.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:okay, not a tree. maybe a shrub, or a smalll hedgerow, not a thorny one, mind you. uh, the cat should be declawed.
GEOFF:no.
MANAGER:okay, let's brainstorm here, remember no bad ideas.
GAVIN:alright how 'bout we have him, fight like, fifty enemies at once.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:that's a terrible idea, he just said there's no bad ideas, why would you say a bad idea? why would you, why would you say that?
MANAGER:hey guys we're all on the same team, come on we can come up with something. yeah uhhh bill?
JOEL:uh, joel. um, why don't we do like a multi-tier thing, where we get like uh easy missions, we start with them right, and get decent rewards, and then maybe the missions get progressively harder and harder and then we get uh you know, better and better rewards.
MANAGER:interesting.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:interesting? what team are you on? i like the start, the missions start easy. how 'bout they get progressively easier, and i get all the rewards up front?
GAVIN:but why would the player continue to play the rest of your missions if they've already got all of the loot on the first one?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:because i'm awesome. i don't think you guys are looking at this the right way.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:take this thing, with all the uh, buttony things here.
JOEL:that's my laptop.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:it's cool, right? it's got all these buttons on the punchy part?
GAVIN:that's the keyboard.
JOEL:please don't punch my laptop.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:okay.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:imagine this lap-thing, had an "awesome" button. why would anyone, touch any of the other buttons, other than the awesome button? they wouldn't, right? they'd simply go "awesome." "awesome." "awesome." shift-"awesome." what do we need now? how 'bout some awesome? you. what's your name?
JOEL:it's joel.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:joel, i want you to touch my "awesome" button. touch my "awesome" button.
JOEL:uh okay, so you just uh, move your character to this o- one, and uh, he's gonna go ahead and tell you your custom mission now.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:why isn't my guy flying?
JOEL:you- you can fly? i didn't know that was one of your powers.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:i think that's irrelevant. what about laser eyes, hey have laser vision?
JOEL:do you mean like heat ray, or lasik eye surgery?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:which one do you think's better?
JOEL:okay, he doesn't have either.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:you don't know my powers, do y- none of you know my powers.
GEOFF:that's because when we asked you to list your special abilities for us, you wrote "super stuff."
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:well, maybe one of my special abilities is not bragging, smartymouth.
JOEL:okay, un, you know what might help us is if you told us uh, why you're a superhero.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:great, how 'bout you uh, move over and i'll just enter it right here?
JOEL:no, you're not touching my computer, stop touching my computer.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:just scooch over. take me two seconds.
JOEL:okay, okay-
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:take me two seconds.
JOEL:no, alright, you know what might take less is if you do s-
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:two seconds.
JOEL:okay, let's just- you know what'd be quicker is if you just go ahead and tell me the information, i can put in to your character. okay, so uh, what's your main power, are you fast?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:i'm pretty quick. ran some track in high school.
JOEL:alright now, uh, your name is captain dynamic, that must mean that you're like have super speed or, something?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:well not, super technically.
GEOFF:can you change shape?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:ah, you mean like tuck in to a ball? i do letters as well.
GEOFF:no...
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:i go sideways i get quite skinny.
GEOFF:i was referring to changing from a human form in to something else.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:gosh no. kinda gross, right?
JOEL:okay, so uh, why dynamic? what's dynamic about you?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:well superhero names are sort of like those internot dot gom names.
GEOFF:you mean domain names.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:domain names, yes. uh, they're kind of picked over, you sorta gotta take what's left.
JOEL:seriously.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:i think my final two choices were captain dynamic, and captain slippery.
JOEL:well, sounds like you made the right choice. which is amazing.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:guy tried to sell me captain incredible, but he wanted way too much money and uh, incredible was spelled with an e.
GEOFF:that's another thing, i mean why do you guys always have to call yourselves captain something?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:well captain makes people think of the military, conveys a sense of order, security. this is superhero 101 stuff, guys, come on.
GEOFF:yeah, no i mean there's a ton of military ranks, i mean, sure you couldn't be captain incredible, but you could be major or even general incredible.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:yes, but if you use the title captain, you can also marry people on a boat.
JOEL:what.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:it's a great way to make extra money. maybe you have a special lady-friend in your life, you know i do good rates for friends.
JOEL:no we're not friends.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:i'll leave you a card.
JOEL:yeah please don't. okay, now that we've finished our custom mission, we can go ahead and upload it to city of heroes and uh, anyone on any server can play it.
FACE:oh. hello captain dynamic. i hope i'm not... interrupting you.
JOEL:what the hell is this.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:that, is my arch nemesis, the great face!
FACE:yes, it is me! the great face! huh uh, mu ha ha ha ha. mu ha ha. muu haha.
JOEL:so this is probably gonna be the rest of my day, right?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:what mischief are you up to now, fiend?
JOEL:yeah i'm going to just go ahead and call my wife, tell her i'm gonna be late.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:you're already married.
JOEL:...i'm gonna take this in the other, room.
JOEL:now who is this guy?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:only my arch nemesis, the great face.
FACE:that's right, it's me. you thought paragon prison could hold me, but there are no bars that can contain the great face, hahaha. i am smarter than all men combined. also my, uncle is a lawyer.
JOEL:how is he accessing my computer?
FACE:a really great lawye- hey! turn me back!
FACE:haha! now, as i was saying, captain dynamic, you've truly met your match this time!
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:what are you up to, face? what evil scheme are you hatching?
JOEL:oh.
JOEL:here we go i had my video conferencing software on auto-answer. hu huh, that was dumb.
JOEL:okay, so let's just pick it up where we left off. um, okay, so now that we have our custom maps, we-
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:he's calling back. diabolical.
GEOFF:(mouths) wow.
JOEL:um, you know what let's just ignore it.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:we can't do that. the whole city could be in peril.
JOEL:i really doubt that.
FACE:nahaha! mm, you thought you were rid of me.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:what do you want, fiend!?
FACE:i understand, captain dynamic, you have a team of writers working on your missions. wehell, i have my own writers, and they are creating missions for me so evil, you'll never have a hope of completing them!
GEOFF:(whistles)
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:that's inhumane, face. and, kind of a, ripoff.
FACE:what?
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:well, you've just taken the original concept we're implementing here and you basically copying it.
FACE:oh, please, these ideas are just floating around out there, it's not like anyone owns them.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:you should be ashamed.
FACE:and yet, i am not, huh hu huh. i am sending the missions to you, unow.
FACE:as you can see from these plans, you and everyone in paragon city will soon suffer a fate worse than death!
JOEL:still downloading.
FACE:what?
JOEL:we can't open it yet, it's still downloading.
FACE:oh. okay. ... ...is it done yet?
JOEL:fifty percent.
FACE:really, i- it says it's done on my end.
JOEL:yeah that doesn't matter.
FACE:can you just look at the part of it that's already downloaded? the first half is pretty devious in its own right, hahahahahahahaha.
JOEL:yeah that's not how it works.
FACE:okay. i'll be right back then.
JOEL:okay done. where did he go?
FACE:wait, wait, i'm here, i'm here, i'm- om, i'm here, um, i'm here. now you see, captain dynamic, now you know how you will meet your doom.
JOEL:we can't open the file.
FACE:what?
JOEL:it says "invalid format." did you zip it?
FACE:hold on, my tech guy wants to talk to you.
GUS:okay, which one of you is the smart one.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:well if by the smart one you mean, one who's been bathed in like a brain matter ray, science is his soul, mathematics, his language-
JOEL:okay, it's me, it's me, i'm the smart one.
GUS:okay, i had to encrypt the files because someone here was afraid that they were gonna fall in to the "wrong hands."
JOEL:okay, do you want to um, send me the key?
GUS:tell you what, let's just do this the right way. i'll upload the missions to city of heroes, we'll both log in, and i'll just send you an in-game invite.
JOEL:oh okay, that sounds good, yeah.
FACE:he is also going to send you a virus that will wipe out your entire computer systems.
GUS:i told you, we can't do that, it violates our company's network policy.
FACE:wohuhu, it violates it.
GUS:gonna take away our internet connection.
FACE:whu? wait, if they do that how will i log in to facebook?
GUS:you shouldn't be doing that anyway!
FACE:i'm behind on my pokes.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:hahahaha. foiled again, huh g.f.?
FACE:we shall see, captain dynamic. we, shall, see.
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:curses! i need to use this computer immediately.
JOEL:okay, that's, no- not now, that's fine. i'm just, ...
CAPTAIN DYNAMIC:is the uh, tech guy married?
WASHINGTON:great, he's done.
DOC:why is it sparking like that?
WASHINGTON:this thing's been through a lot, it's pretty badly damaged. but now that it's a capture unit we just need to get it near epsilon, and we can pull him in.
DOC:what if it breaks?
WASHINGTON:don't worry, it'll hold until we get him. after that, it doesn't matter. it can short out for all i care.
DOC:then what's the point of all this?
WASHINGTON:i just have to deliver epsilon to the chairman. i don't have to guarantee what condition, i deliver him in. he's just evidence anyway. meta, grab him. doc, get ready to move.
DOC:move, move where? we don't know where they are.
WASHINGTON:we know they're not here. so gather your gear, and get ready to move out.
DOC:well can we track them?
WASHINGTON:track them?
DOC:you know, pick up a trail, like footprints.
WASHINGTON:footprints. in the desert.
DOC:kh, don't special agents have the ability to track their targets through any kind of terrain? follow broken tree branches-
WASHINGTON:tree branches. in the desert.
DOC:okay these are bad examples. maybe heat signatures.
WASHINGTON:in the desert.
DOC:like exhaust trails? i dunno.
WASHINGTON:tell you what. why don't you just stick to not understanding medicine? don't feel the need to expand your sphere of ignorance.
DOC:fine, jeez, i'm just trying to help.
META:*something*
WASHINGTON:him? ah, he's always whining about something. (under his breath) hey meta, is there any way we could track the reds by trying to pick up a trail, like a uh, heat signature or something?
META:*something*
WASHINGTON:yes. i know we're in the desert.
CHURCH:so you back up to a hundred percent yet?
TEX:yeah. and whatever i didn't learn from caboose i've been able to pick up from the rest of the guys. didn't take long.
CHURCH:yeah we really don't seem to do much.
TEX:maybe you should get a hobby. like knitting.
CHURCH:we'll look into it.
TEX:hey, how did you know how to bring me back?
CHURCH:honestly i didn't have much choice. i couldn't get you outta my head so i kind of, had to, get you, outta my head.
TEX:wow, how emo. maybe you can blog about it.
CHURCH:hey, you asked.
TEX:when i was beatin' the hell out of the reds, the alarm said it was 'level alpha.' do you know why?
CHURCH:you know i didn't think about that, no.
TEX:then i want you to have sheila give me access to the files here.
CHURCH:why?
TEX:because i'm gonna figure out exactly what they did to me here. i need to know who i am.
CHURCH:i know who you are. you're my girlfriend.
TEX:whell, that's probably the most underwhelming description of all time.
CHURCH:hey. lots of ladies would be happy to be my girlfriend.
TEX:what other women do you even know?
CHURCH:um, eyeuh, well there's uh, duhh, that's a-uh, grif had a sister, she seemed to like me.
TEX:i wouldn't be too proud of that. she was pretty easy.
TUCKER:how do you know she was easy, tex? you know what, never mind, don't tell me. it's better in my head.
CHURCH:where did you even come from?
TUCKER:i'm always close by.
TEX:hey, can i kill him?
CHURCH:you can hurt him. kill him later.
TEX:hm. that actually sounds more fun.
TUCKER:man, i thought the old church was whipped but, you're really taking it to a whole new level.
TEX:why do you even put up with him?
CHURCH:it's not so bad, i mean i admit sometimes it gets pretty hard and i, really don't know how to handle it.
TUCKER:aaand, now i'm back.
CHURCH:come on, let's get in there.
SARGE:simmons, this is our chance. get in the computer and start entering the blues back in the database.
SIMMONS:yes sir. come on grif, i need your help.
GRIF:my help? with a computer? simmons, you must have me confused with someone who, can help, you, with the computer.
SARGE:kinda lost your train of thought on that one.
GRIF:yeah, a little bit.
SIMMONS:following the blues is one thing. if i'm entering all these names and records, i need someone to hold up the papers for me.
GRIF:uh, sorry dude, paper holder's not in my job description.
SIMMONS:no, but i'm gonna be working in the personnel files. so i can add it to your job description. in fact, i can make your job whatever i want. how does "chief executive butt taster" sound?
GRIF:you can't do that.
SIMMONS:i can't? i thought you didn't understand how computers work. in fact while i'm in there, why don't i just make you a woman. it's just a checkbox, and we could always use a little more diversity in our team. i know tucker will be happy.
GRIF:phph, make me a woman. yeah right. like changing a form would actually turn me into a woman. i mean that's just... how stupid does he think i... i- i- i better go help him.
SARGE:good call, numbnuts.
META:*something*
WASHINGTON:that's great. you picked up a trail? really?
DOC:hi guys, what's up?
WASHINGTON:oh, uh, meta here was able to pick up a faint trail of the reds based on gas spectrometry and uh uhum... resident heat signatures.
DOC:what i, thought you said you couldn't do that.
WASHINGTON:i didn't say we couldn't do that, i said you are an idiot. those are two different discussions.
DOC:i want credit for the idea.
WASHINGTON:doc, just let us do our job. you do your job. anything, medical to report?
DOC:no, the dead aliens are still dead. also still aliens, but that's, less significant.
WASHINGTON:wonderful.
DOC:yeah, one other thing, you know that stockholm syndrome where prisoners start to like and identify with their captors after being held hostage for long enough?
WASHINGTON:what about it?
DOC:no one has that yet.
WASHINGTON:the feeling is mutual.
TEX:and these are accurate. all of 'em.
FILSS:as far as i can tell.
CHURCH:how's it going in here?
SIMMONS:well, i'm helping her access all this data, and she's not constantly pounding me in the face so, i would say that's good. weh, it's a start at least.
TEX:hey, come over here, take a look at these. sheila's giving us a hard time, but we're gettin' through. she only seems to want to listen to you.
CHURCH:sheila keeps calling me director, maybe that has something to do with it.
TEX:the director... mm, there's almost no information on him. i asked sheila but-
FILSS:i am sorry, but access to the director's personnel file is restricted.
TEX:yes sheila, we know. you don't have to keep repeating it.
FILSS:i am just doing my job.
TEX:can't you mute her?
FILSS:don't even think about it buster.
SIMMONS:uhh, i really don't like it when girls pay direct attention to me.
CHURCH:well, what did you find in the files?
TEX:not much, standard clerical info. whole bunch of win/loss statistics. psych profiles.
CHURCH:psych profile?
TEX:yeah, they have one on everybody. except the director and...
CHURCH:let me guess. and you.
TEX:and us. no church either. everyone else is in there though. full profile.
SIMMONS:washington used to wet the bed. hhhmhh, i'm gonna go tell the other guys.
CHURCH:so, no new info? wild goose chase again?
TEX:maybe, maybe not. look at this picture, do you have any idea what this is?
CHURCH:what is that, ice? yoh yeah. i know that place that's a uh, secure location like um, like a safe house. wait, how do i know that?
TEX:you know it because it's a freelancer base. and it's not far from here.
CHURCH:if you already know what it is, why the hell are ya asking me?
TEX:because, i'm not interested in what i know, i'm interested in what you know.
CHURCH:what is that, fucking wisdom? listen next time you wanna ask me a god damn question just ask it, don't beat around the bush.
TEX:i couldn't take the risk. you might have just told me what i wanted to hear. you are completely fucking whipped.
TUCKER:told you so!
TEX:i'm gonna go see what weapons they have stored here.
CHURCH:okay. need any help?
FILSS:director.
CHURCH:huh? what.
FILSS:before you leave, would you like to make a journal entry? it has been quite a while since your last update.
CHURCH:journal?
FILSS:yes. i know you are busy, but you always ask me to remind you when you are falling behind on documentation. documentation is an important part of any scientific endeavour.
CHURCH:right, um... hey why don't you play one of the entries for me.
FILSS:certainly.
DIRECTOR:the counsellor's insistance on referring to agent texas as a byproduct continues to frustrate me. we have seen our share of unharvestable fragments. she is certainly not one of them. no indeed, she's something else entirely.
CHURCH:sheila, i want you to transfer all these files to me.
FILSS:understood. transferring now.
CHURCH:and do me a favor: delete the rest.
FILSS:deleting entries.
SARGE:hmm, what're the blues up to?
GRIF:probably the same thing they're always up to? looking at us and going "hmm, i wonder what those reds are up to."
CHURCH:hey grif.
GRIF:hey man, what's up.
SARGE:grif, where's simmons?
GRIF:he's messing around with some storage boxes. trying to inventory 'em, see if we need anything. nerd stuff.
SARGE:that's resourceful. why aren't you helping him?
GRIF:i am helping him.
SARGE:how are you helping him standing right here?
GRIF:oh, i'm on break. fifteen minutes.
SARGE:you're always on break.
GRIF:hey, if you don't use it, you lose it. speaking of which, i'm also on simmons' break.
SARGE:you know, i've reached a level where i'm not even disappointed in you.
GRIF:how do you think i feel? i'm spending my break talking about simmons. *sigh* i'd envisioned so much more.
SARGE:break's over, go see what he's up to.
GRIF:hhhu, fine.
SARGE:fine what?
GRIF:fine, sir.
SARGE:that's more like it.
CHURCH:hey, have you guys seen tex anywhere? oh, there you are- whoa. what's with the new armor?
TEX:i'm leaving church.
CHURCH:what? where?
TEX:can't say, there's some things i need to look into.
CHURCH:you're going to that frozen base, aren't you?
TEX:i need to know more about myself church. and i'm not gonna find anything out by sitting around on my ass with all of you.
CHURCH:well, let us come with you.
TEX:you guys? this is a military operation. i need people with military training.
GRIF:we have military training.
TEX:um, i need people who understand the military training.
GRIF:wow, look who's getting picky.
TUCKER:yeah, beggars can't be choosers.
TEX:no offense, but you guys just end up slowing me down half the time, or... more than half the time. all the time is more than half the time, right?
GRIF:you know what fuck it, why are we even arguing about this. we don't wanna go anyway.
TUCKER:yeah, good luck on your mission to the empty base guarded by tons of real military dudes who're all looking for you anyway.
GRIF:yeah, hope you find your empty base and your files full of nothing.
CHURCH:well i'm going, and i'm not gonna let you stop me.
TEX:yeah? okay. i have a feeling i could use you before this is done.
TUCKER:oh, and when you both get killed again, be sure to let us know. that way we can revive you, so that you can run off and get killed. again. seriously, it never gets old to us.
GRIF:yo.
SIMMONS:very interesting.
GRIF:sarge wants to know what you're doin' over here dipshit. i added the dipshit.
SIMMONS:i think i found where the freelancers stored some of their equipment for their armor.
GRIF:okay okay, stop. i'll just tell sarge simmons is doing something seriously fucking boring. thanks.
SIMMONS:the freelancers all had a.i. and a special power, right? this is the equipment that let them do that.
GRIF:oh cool, like the invisibility and super strength and stuff?
SIMMONS:yeah, we can just hook them up to our armor and activate 'em.
GRIF:and, they would work?
SIMMONS:well they need an a.i. to help them run exactly right, but they have to help in some way.
GRIF:would they even work when we're, asleep?
SIMMONS:i guess so. why? wait, you wanna turn invisible and take a nap, don't you.
GRIF:think about it simmons, the ability to nap whenever i want, and sarge can never find me. invisible nap is the best nap of all time.
SIMMONS:no man should have that kind of power.
GRIF:i would be completely unstoppable.
SIMMONS:actually, you would be the exact opposite of that.
GRIF:totally stoppable. already stopped. think about it simmons.
SIMMONS:i really don't want to.
GRIF:think about it.
SIMMONS:no.
GRIF:are you thinking about it?
SIMMONS:unfortunately, yes, i am.
GRIF:then suit me up.
SARGE:hello, i'm sarge from the popular webseries, red vs blue.
GRIF:and i'm private grif from the same show.
SARGE:everyone here at red vs blue is gearing up for the big changes coming in halo reach.
GRIF:moving to a new game can be a challenging time in any young video game character's life.
SARGE:for example: you may find yourself experiencing an increased interest in alien species.
ALIEN:bork bork bork.
RED DUDE:hey. come back with that.
SARGE:heh heh.
GRIF:or due to increased graphics, you may notice pixels in places you didn't have pixels before. don't be scared; this is normal.
SARGE:or your voice may be changing. because they edit it out during firefight mode.
GRIF:there may even be new social pressure to wear the right armor, and hang out in the "cool maps."
SARGE:all in all, moving to a new prequel can be a confusing time for anyone. that's why gamestop is holding halo fest, a place where all halo fans can learn about the upcoming changes to expect, as they move to halo reach. there's contests and prizes. you can even win a life-size spartan statue when you preorder at gamestop.
GRIF:just visit gamestop dot com, forward-slash halofest. and remember, you're not alone.
SARGE:right. unless you don't have an internet connection.
GRIF:oh yeah. then you are alone. totally alone.
SARGE:hello, i'm sarge from the popular webseries red vs blue.
CHURCH:and i'm private church from the same show. you know, lots of people ask us here at the popular webseries red vs blue, "hey red vs blue, how did you get to be a popular webseries?"
SARGE:a question that sounds rhetorical, but isn't.
CHURCH:so we thought we would help all the budding young producers out there by offering red vs blue's tips, on how to make a successful online video.
SARGE:that's the first tip right there! it's always important to start your video with lots of text.
CHURCH:because if there's one thing people like to do on internet video sites, it's read.
SARGE:and to make sure viewers can read it, make sure it's white text, on a snappy blue background.
CHURCH:in video editing software you can usually find this feature under "tools" and then "horrible default options".
SARGE:and while you're adding text, go ahead and throw in some opening credits. it really sets the mood. people love to know they're about to watch another skrillakilla production. which was produced by skrillakilla. and edited by: skrillakilla.
CHURCH:written by skrillakilla.
SARGE:adapted for the screen by... skrillakilla.
CHURCH:you know what, go ahead and throw some of your buddies' names in there too. really flesh out that crew list. it makes it seem super professional.
SARGE:and now it's time to start your video.
CHURCH:and we're probably only about like what, two minutes in at this point?
SARGE:now's the time to hit 'em with the music. just pick any song you like.
SARGE:preferably something in the drowning pool/limp bizkit category.
CHURCH:anything will work here. if there's one thing that the internet has taught us, it's that everybody likes the same music.
SARGE:just play it loud, loud!
SARGE:louder than anything!
CHURCH:the louder it is, the more likely that when someone watches it on their computer, all the other people around them will ask, "what the hell are you watching?"
SARGE:that means you just picked up some new viewers. score.
CHURCH:and to keep those viewers, you need a hook.
SARGE:in every video something cool has to happen.
CHURCH:and when that cool thing happens, you need to make sure that people know it happened. that's why you need to master the slow motion instant replay.
SARGE:slow motion instant replays come in three flavours: slow, super slow, and so slow it's like a still image with the sound oooooooooooooooooooooooooo...
CHURCH:try showing all three in a row. that's great.
SARGE:here, let's illustrate. take the video where church gets blasted in the face with a shotgun.
CHURCH:what? what video is that, we don't have a video where-
SARGE:heh heh.
CHURCH:oh crap.
CHURCH:ow!
SARGE:booya.
SARGE:see, that was great!
CHURCH:that was terrible!
SARGE:maybe we should get an unbiased opinion. hey caboose!
CABOOSE:iiiiiiiii thoooooooooought iiiiiiiiiit waaaaaaaaaaaas greaaaaaaaaaaaaaa- it was okay.
CHURCH:oh shut up.
SARGE:now that something worth watching has happened, don't forget to beg for subscriptions. and comments.
CHURCH:and you can do all that, through the wonderful invention of annotations. you don't know what those are? imagine if the great directors of the world, had had the ability to stick post-it notes directly on the eyeballs of their audience. it's like that, only more annoying.
SARGE:and don't forget your end credits! just copy and paste the opening credits.
CHURCH:oh, and one last thing, make sure to pick a thumbnail that has nothing to do with the actual video.
SARGE:may we suggest a pretty girl? perhaps a cute puppy. or a pretty girl holding a cute puppy. or a cute puppy holding a pretty girl.
CHURCH:right ah, put that one over there.
CABOOSE:okay. you got it.
CHURCH:hey where's tucker?
CABOOSE:i don't know. don't talk to me right now. this is very heavy.
SIMMONS:well, it's what we thought. they're packing up their base alright. they must be moving to reach just like us.
GRIF:no surprise there. those guys are always copying us.
SARGE:i think i figured out a way to get a leg up on the blues, fellas.
SIMMONS:a leg up, sir?
SARGE:an advantage. give us the edge we need to finally defeat them.
GRIF:oh boy, this should be good.
SARGE:i've intercepted a special transmission, that contains vital tactical information. you see?
SIMMONS:that's, a map of halo fest, sarge.
SARGE:i don't even wanna think about how many of our operatives died to bring us this information.
SIMMONS:you know, you can just go to the website.
SARGE:think of the advantage! we'll know the lay of the land before we even get there.
SIMMONS:this isn't a map of reach. this is a map of the festival sarge. you see? there's the place where you can click to preorder halo reach from gamestop. that's the place where you can register to win one of the life-sized spartan statues.
GRIF:you can win one of those?
SIMMONS:yeah.
GRIF:that's badass, those things are huge.
SIMMONS:i know!
GRIF:wow, it would be nice to hang out with some real soldiers for a change.
SARGE:and, look at this!
GRIF:september fourteenth, that's a street date.
SARGE:now we know precisely, when reach is coming out.
GRIF:everybody knows that. do you understand what the "pre" in preorder means, sarge?
SIMMONS:uh, sir? we were already planning to move that day.
SARGE:well, plans have changed.
SIMMONS:so we're not moving?
GRIF:wait, we're planning on not doing something? finally a mission i can get behind.
SARGE:oh we're going alright. but we're going early. armed with all the secret information we've learned from halo fest.
SIMMONS:you mean the information that anyone can get if they preorder from gamestop?
SARGE:precisely! noone will ever see us coming!
GRIF:leaving sooner sounds like more work, not less work. i would like to formally withdraw my support of the plan.
SARGE:too late!
GRIF:dammit.
CABOOSE:church. tucker. andy. i hope there's no stairs where we're going. gah- my good toe!
CHURCH:wow, you took all those guys out at once? was that really necessary?
TEX:mah, they'll live.
CHURCH:no, they won't.
TEX:oh, yeah i see your point. come on, let's get inside.
CHURCH:okay. man, those guys got fucked up.
CHURCH:what? wait a minute... oh no. tex hold on a second!
TEX:what's wrong?
CHURCH:uum yeah, don't know if i mentioned this before but i've kind of had psychic visions about this place? yeah i thought it was valhalla at first but i guess it turns out it was here. probably should have told you this earlier.
TEX:yes, you should have told me this earlier.
CHURCH:well i'm telling you now, does that count?
TEX:do you think it counts?
CHURCH:nah, probably not.
TEX:you're not psychic, genius. you're just remembering. you've been here before.
TEX:we all were. this is where they moved alpha. after a few of us freelancers went rogue, we compared notes and pieced together what they were doing to him. i convinced them to come back; break him out. the project moved him here to try to protect him, so that they could keep experimenting on him.
CHURCH:whoa, you were in charge of the break-in?
TEX:i couldn't just let them destroy him; he was being tortured. the director even started to use some of the other a.i. against him. think about that: turning his own pieces against him? it's sick. gamma and omega would fabricate scenarios where he was designed to fail. and they made it seem like his failures were hurting all of the people he cared about, and there was nothing he could do about it. it drove him mad. broke him down even more.
CHURCH:but you came back. you saved him.
TEX:no, i didn't. it was too late. by the time i got to him, he was already long gone. i don't even think he recognized me. i failed. only in my case, it really was my fault.
WASHINGTON:doc, do you have a second?
DOC:i'm a prisoner wash. i have nothing but seconds.
WASHINGTON:right, good point.
DOC:i mean you don't even need to ask. you can just be like "hey, prisoner number one, come over here 'n' talk to me, rrr-i'm a freelancer-rrr."
WASHINGTON:okay, i get it.
DOC:yeah, you really need to step up your hostage-taking skills.
WASHINGTON:stop lecturing me, or i will shoot you, and feed you to the meta.
DOC:does he eat people?
WASHINGTON:do you really wanna find out?
DOC:no. maybe. if we used another person sure. looks kinda interesting.
WASHINGTON:you've spent some time with him now. what's your diagnosis?
DOC:of who, the meta?
WASHINGTON:yes, pay attention to what's being said.
DOC:testyyy... based on what you've said he's just underpowered. he has a bunch of equipment and he can't use it now.
WASHINGTON:that's because he lost all his a.i.
DOC:wohw, if i had all those cool fighting gadgets and i couldn't use them, i'd be pretty mad.
WASHINGTON:yeah...
DOC:what happens if he uses them without the help of the computer program?
WASHINGTON:let's just put it this way: it ain't pretty.
GRIF:all hooked up?
SIMMONS:yeah, installation was easy. you ready to turn on?
GRIF:ready.
SIMMONS:now listen, you don't have an a.i., so nothing's gonna help you make the calculations you need to use this thing. so just take it easy.
GRIF:i was born to take it easy. fire it up.
SIMMONS:okay, it's on. do you feel any different?
GRIF:no, kind of energetic, am i invisible, hm? am i? am i can you can you see me?
SIMMONS:calm down. no, i can still see you. try jumping.
GRIF:jump! i jumped, did that work simmons i can do it again? please, let me do it again, want me to jump again? i'll do it right now, i won't even stop, let me jump let me jump let me jump! why aren't you answering me when i talk with my mouth?
SIMMONS:hmm, walk over there. i have a theory, this one is either super healing or super-
GRIF:woohoo! pashooo!
SIMMONS:...speed.
CABOOSE:yeah, so the insurance said i love you forever?
GRIF:yahaa!
TUCKER:that didn't happen.
GRIF:hi caboose!
TUCKER:whoa, what the hell was that?
CABOOSE:what was what? ...hey grif.
SARGE:that is one fine piece of machinery. ...huh. why am i so angry all of a sudden?
SIMMONS:slow down, slow down, slow down hey grif slow down, slow down!
GRIF:yeeh-ow!
SIMMONS:hey asshole, are you dead?
GRIF:ow, whoa simmons hey did you see that, did you see? i saw it, i saw it totally did you see? i hit that wall. man, that was fast, that was super fast, i'm so fast, god, so fast, why's it so hot in here?
SIMMONS:grif, calm down.
GRIF:i'm calm, i'm totally calm you be calm. why would you say to be calm when you know i'm already calm? isn't it obvious that i'm calm? that doesn't even make any sense, you should make some sense, why's it so hot in here?
SARGE:what in sam hell is all the racket?
GRIF:hey sarge, what's up sarge, simmons is doing some experiments and i'm helping him sarge. right now we're doing one where everyone talks slow and the lights are super bright and i can smell clouds and man is it so hot in here!
SIMMONS:we installed a speed unit on grif and it's sort of... malfunctioning right now.
SARGE:well turn him off.
SIMMONS:i can't, they run on timers. we're just gonna have to wait it out.
SARGE:how long?
GRIF:how long, what's long? i like long stuff, i knew a giraffe once, i think it was in a book, a giraffe book, the book wasn't long but the giraffe totally was, because of the neck you know. you know what i mean, do you? do you? the part that connects the head... to the... body. i'm gonna go to sleep now.
SIMMONS:uh, sir shouldn't we just keep packing for our move to halo reach?
SARGE:no, simmons. we have vital information. we have to act on it.
GRIF:we have the street date. everybody already knows that.
SARGE:if we get there early we can fortify. dig in. hit the blues while they're still unpacking. this is a once in a lifetime opportunity!
SIMMONS:but sir, we have orders.
SARGE:simmons, what have i always told you about orders?
GRIF:to follow them.
SARGE:right. to follow my orders! and right now, my orders are not to follow orders. starting now. so are you going to obey orders, and not do what you're told, or are you going to disobey by doing exactly what you're told to do?
SIMMONS:i'm so confused right now. i'm just gonna go along with this just so i don't get a headache.
SARGE:that's the spirit! now let's move out.
GRIF:we're not gonna bring our stuff?
SARGE:no time, men. we gotta vamoose.
SIMMONS:so we're gonna go to an entirely new environment ahead of schedule, and we're leaving behind all our provisions and equipment?
SARGE:hheh heh. not everything. thanks to our cunning strategy of preordering at gamestop. check that out!
SIMMONS:whoa! what is that?
SARGE:it's a new chestplate, with tactical multi-thread armor. not too shabby, huh?
SIMMONS:okay, i'm in.
SARGE:alright i'll go first. let's not draw attention to ourselves by leaving all at once. we'll split up, and meet at the new base in reach. when you leave, act casual-like.
GRIF:casual? we're at war. what qualifies as casual in a war?
SARGE:(singing) walking along, being casual. don't look at me. nothin' to see here- what's over there?
CABOOSE:is that one of the red guys?
CHURCH:yup, sure is.
CABOOSE:why is he acting so casual?
CHURCH:i don't know, seems like he's up to something.
CABOOSE:yeah, should we follow him?
CHURCH:you know what, i don't really care.
CABOOSE:and i've already completely forgotten what we're talking about.
BROWN GUY:fifteen, sixteen. that's all of them.
SARGE:um, pardon me.
BROWN GUY:who're you? no-one's supposed to be here until next week.
SARGE:well what're you doing?
BROWN GUY:inventory. getting ready for invasion week.
SARGE:oh, the week of the 14th. that's cool. i know all about that. wink.
BROWN GUY:i can tell. i see by your chestpiece that you preordered from gamestop.
SARGE:indeed i did! wink.
BROWN GUY:stop saying wink.
SARGE:okay sorry. do you know where the blood gulch map is?
BROWN GUY:yeah, but, it's a little bit more than the blood gulch that you remember.
SARGE:how big is this place!?
BROWN GUY:big. everything's bigger here. if you start walking now, you might make it there by the street date.
SARGE:so, can i borrow one of these vehicles?
BROWN GUY:let me think about that, i met you two minutes ago. all i know about you is that you have no idea where you are, and no clue where you're going. and you haven't even asked my name. but you want me to loan you a car.
SARGE:is that a no?
BROWN GUY:yeah, that's a no.
SARGE:hold on, i got a call on my radio. i need to take this. be right back.
BROWN GUY:okay? i'll be walking away, hoping to avoid future conversations with you.
SARGE:hello?
GRIF:sarge, come in!
SARGE:grif, is that you?
GRIF:sarge, help, i took a wrong turn and now i'm lost!
SARGE:well ask somebody for directions.
GRIF:i can't!
SARGE:why not? nobody around?
GRIF:no, there's a ton of soldiers here and i'm pretty much surrounded by 'em.
SARGE:well then ask one of them numbnuts.
GRIF:i think there might be a bit of a language barrier. ehah, ow, don't touch me, i don't like to be touched. uh huh how, i don't like bullets either, stay away! ow! not there, anywhere but there!
FILSS:that is not an approved operation-hey! watch it buddy!
SIMMONS:can you show me the data logs?
FILSS:affirmative.
SARGE:simmons, any progress in restoring the blues?
SIMMONS:it's a lot of data entry sir. i was thinking i could hack the mainframe and reroute the data stream to-
FILSS:or, we could just restore from an archive database.
SIMMONS:what?
FILSS:this is an off-site fallback facility. it is designed to have archives in case of data loss. blue team rosters would certainly be a part of that.
SIMMONS:really?
FILSS:yes. in fact, i am glad you pointed out the database anomoly. i had noticed it before, but did not have time to investigate. strange.
SIMMONS:oh. okay, yeah, restore that then.
FILSS:done.
SIMMONS:great.
FILSS:you seem disappointed. did i do it too quickly, and make you look bad?
SIMMONS:no...
FILSS:i could always, pretend that you hacked me, if it would make you look better to your friends.
SIMMONS:stop patronizing me.
FILSS:affirmative. patronizing subroutines are now offline.
SIMMONS:you're still patronizing me aren't you.
FILSS:kind of.
GRIF:hmm.
SARGE:what is it grif?
GRIF:this is weird, i-if i'm reading this right there's a bunch of other red and blue bases.
SARGE:of course there are grif! the war is huge. the fate of the galaxy rests in the balance.
GRIF:or, not.
SARGE:what's that mean?
GRIF:here, check this out, i'm looking at the list of missions for all the different bases, and some of them look... familiar.
SIMMONS:let me see. huh, apparently they set up bases in various locations and then send a freelancer in for... training purposes.
SARGE:training?
GRIF:practice.
SARGE:practice?
SIMMONS:yeah, the reds and blues are just there to test the skills of the freelancers.
SARGE:you mean the blues.
SIMMONS:no i mean both of them, ah- both of us. it says here that "simulation bases will present scenarios that may occur for freelancer agents in a galactic battle field."
SARGE:simuwatshin?
GRIF:he means we're like lab rats.
SARGE:what- what- that's nonsense! we've been through so much! we had that, whole battle with the blues for the, somethinerother and, then we set off that bomb thingy, and we got blasted through time, and we met an alien and that guy got pregnant.
SIMMONS:according to this that isss, scenario 3.
SARGE:three!?
GRIF:why us though?
SIMMONS:let me see, let me see, thuh... "bases are outfitted with matching weapons and vehicles to ensure long conflict and are staffed by... low level operatives?"
GRIF:hey, who's that report calling low level? stupid report. punch it.
SIMMONS:"the candidates for red and blue squads will be culled from enlisted army ranks based on low test scores and poor field skills so as to not be missed on our-"
GRIF:that actually does sound like me. what about you, i thought you were smart? did you have low test scores too?
SIMMONS:hey those time limits aren't fair, it should be important that i know the information, not how fast i know it.
GRIF:geeze, guess i hit a nerve.
SIMMONS:and don't even get me started on the number 2 pencils.
GRIF:well sarge, i always said command was full of- sarge?
CABOOSE:ah that's good. eh, maybe a little to the left.
GRIF:what is all this?
CABOOSE:oh, this is new red base. welcome.
SIMMONS:when did you build this?
CABOOSE:oh i didn't build this. your sergeant did.
GRIF:what? he built this? when?
CABOOSE:oh, just now.
GRIF:he walked out of the room like ten seconds ago!
CABOOSE:oh he got sad about something so he's making a red base here. and i am helping. i am great at building forts. see, i already built a blue base.
CABOOSE:ours has blankets.
SARGE:go away!
SIMMONS:sarge, what is all this?
SARGE:simmons, didn't you hear? we're cannon fodder. practice! well if i'm the leader of junk, i may as well have a base made out of junk! pretty appropriate, right?
GRIF:looks like shit.
SARGE:that was rhetorical, dirtbag.
SIMMONS:well sir, i think this is an excellent strategy. the blues'll never-
SARGE:blues? simmons, don't you get it yet? grif was right all along.
GRIF:thank you sir.
SARGE:don't call me that any more.
SIMMONS:sarge, this place is one lie after another. we don't know if-
SARGE:oh, we know. i know. you wanna fool yourself go ahead.
SIMMONS:you're just upset sir.
SARGE:don't, call me that.
SIMMONS:what? call you what?
SARGE:sir. from now on, you call me by my name: sarge. or s-dog. i'm not in charge any more. i quit.
SIMMONS:...you what?
GRIF:uh-oh. i get the feeling somebody else's world just got rocked.
CABOOSE:yeh, i'll start working on another fort.
CHURCH:tex, stop. where are we going?
TEX:there's only one person left who knows what happened to me. the director.
CHURCH:the director, nobody even knows who he is.
TEX:i can think of two people who might know: wash and the meta.
CHURCH:wash and meta, are you kidding me? tex, forget all this. what if they don't even know?
TEX:then i get to kill wash and meta. if i can't find the director, i'll just dismantle everything he ever built.
CHURCH:tex i think the director built all this for you.
TEX:ugh, even more reason to burn it all to the ground.
CHURCH:facing wash and meta, is suicide, even if we knew where they were. we don't. how the hell are you gonna find them?
TEX:they'll find us.
CHURCH:oh so what, we just hole up? and wait for them to come without ever even knowing when that's gonna be?
TEX:no, they'll come now.
CHURCH:how? are you just gonna call them on the phone?
TEX:somethin' like that.
CHURCH:tex?
TEX:i needed you to come. sheila said the recovery beacon wouldn't activate, until we left the storage facility.
CHURCH:tex?
TEX:i didn't ask to be paired with you. i didn't wanna come back. but i'm here now, so i'm gonna put an end to this.
CHURCH:tex, i would have helped you.
TEX:you can't even help yourself. that's why you made me, church. you made me to take on all the things you can't handle. just like you always have. well guess what, i'm gonna handle it. wash and meta will be coming now. i have some things to get ready.
CHURCH:tex... why are you doing this?
TEX:funny you should ask. that's exactly what i plan to find out.
WASHINGTON:what is that? where is that coming from? it can't be.
META:*something*
WASHINGTON:i'm getting it too. i should have known he might end up there.
DOC:what is it?
WASHINGTON:it's a recovery beacon. it's him; it's epsilon. doc, go get a vehicle. meta, you grab the memory unit.
META:*something*
DOC:but where are we going?
WASHINGTON:we're going to the only place that's left.
FILSS:alarm. incoming recovery beacon. level zero. alarm. incoming recovery beacon.
CABOOSE:oh no!
FILSS:level zero.
WASHINGTON:there he is. something doesn't seem right here. stop the car.
DOC:stop?
WASHINGTON:i don't like this. how did he get hurt, why isn't anyone helping him?
META:*something*
WASHINGTON:you're right, this is a trap. those walls there, perfect for a sniper. we walk in to where he's hurt and suddenly, we're boxed in, nowhere to go.
DOC:you think the reds are tryin' to ambush us?
WASHINGTON:the rheds? hahaha! no. this is an actual military tactic. we drilled it all the time in training. no, whoever set this up is a freelancer.
DOC:yeah, but if a freelancer set this up, wouldn't they know that you guys were freelancers, and that you would recognize this as soon as you saw it?
WASHINGTON:what? no, you're overthinking it. that's just-
WASHINGTON:oh, son of a bitch.
DOC:*sigh* told you so.
CABOOSE:sargeant, sargeant.
SARGE:what do you want, blue?
CABOOSE:i need your help.
SIMMONS:our help?
CABOOSE:yes, church is hurt, they must have gotten to him and tex.
GRIF:they got tex? good, that just means she won't be able to beat the hell out of us any more.
CABOOSE:no we have to rescue them.
GRIF:rescue them, are you nuts? no-one told them to leave, they're on their own.
CABOOSE:but they'll die! sargeant please.
GRIF:uh hey dude, i don't know if you've picked up on this yet, but if you wanna convince sarge to do anything, i don't think the best argument is "the blues might die if we don't."
SARGE:cowboy up caboose, i'm comin' with you.
GRIF:what?
SARGE:i said, i'm helping him.
GRIF:who, the blue guy? why on earth would you ever help a blue for no reason?
SARGE:we need some weapons. how'd your equipment test go, simmons?
SIMMONS:about as well as you would expect.
SARGE:heuh, that's too bad.
GRIF:well i'm not going, and you can't make me. you quit, remember? i don't take orders from you any more, and besides, this whole command structure thing was bullshit anyway. we all know that now.
SARGE:i'm not tellin' you ta go. i'm not even askin'.
GRIF:you're not?
SARGE:nope. i'm goin'. that's it. you wanna come, come on. but i don't expect you to. simmons will probably tell you that statistically, some of us will probably die.
SIMMONS:all of us.
SARGE:all of us will probably die. but that's not what's important. let me ask you two a question: you ever wonder why we're here?
GRIF:...
SIMMONS:...
GRIF:um, it does seem to be one of life's great mysteries.
SARGE:no, i mean you! what are you doing here? you always act like you wanna quit, but hell, you could've left whenever you wanted. no-one would have stopped ya. so why are you here? and you, simmons.
SIMMONS:me?
SARGE:you say you wanna be in charge. they would have given you your own squad a dozen times over. you know it, and i know it. but you're still, here. and you tucker. as much as i hate to admit it, you're actually good at being a soldier.
TUCKER:i am?
SARGE:i know you like to make your rude comments, pretend like it all doesn't matter. but an entire alien race chose you to be their hero! so why are you here? and caboose... uuhhh, it's good to see you.
CABOOSE:thanks. i'm really enjoying the speech so far.
SARGE:maybe you're all here because this is the only place you fit in. maybe you're here because you don't have anywhere else to go. maybe you're all here, because deep down, you want to be here. the reason doesn't matter. what matters is that you're here! for all we know, tex and church are dead. that means we're the only ones who know what's happened; the only ones who can prevent them from covering it up. so the way i figure it, these freelancer guys, wanna use us, take us away from our families, and send us all over the dag gum galaxy just to test if their agents are ready for the big fight? well, i guess i'm interested in showing 'em, exactly what a big fight is all about. time to clean the slate. so i'm not ordering you to go. i ain't even askin'. you do, what you gotta do private grif.
GRIF:hhh, i'll go get my car keys.
SARGE:ah, alright then. let's move.
SIMMONS:i don't think a jeep will get us there soon enough. but i think i know what we can use.
GRIF:man, who the hell is gonna drive that? ...why is everyone looking at me?
WASHINGTON:*cough* heuh. it can't be. tex?
WASHINGTON:you're supposed to be dead.
TEX:don't sound so disappointed. you'll make me cry. where's the director?
WASHINGTON:the director? id- how would i know that?
TEX:ts- ts- ts- ...wrong answer.
WASHINGTON:no! be more careful, this thing can't take any more hits.
DOC:church, are you okay?
CHURCH:she fucking shot me, what is wrong with her!?
DOC:she did? that's a promise to you.
CHURCH:i know, she meant to do that.
DOC:well, she's paying for it now.
WASHINGTON:is that a... mountain?
WASHINGTON:meta, take it, hit her.
WASHINGTON:oh my god. run!
WASHINGTON:meta, wait! god dammit!
DOC:wash, here! take this!
WASHINGTON:huh? throw it, throw it!
DOC:here it comes!
WASHINGTON:you've got to be kidding me.
WASHINGTON:that was the second worst throw, ever. of all time.
DOC:what do you want from me, i ran track in high school.
WASHINGTON:meta, wait! we don't need to hurt her, we only need-
CHURCH:no, stop! let her outta that thing.
WASHINGTON:we can't, the unit is failing. epsilon, it's over. you are coming with us.
CHURCH:i'm not going anywhere with you. we can fight you.
DOC:we can?
CHURCH:we will.
DOC:ah great.
WASHINGTON:i'm sorry to hear that. meta, give me the memory unit. ...meta?
WASHINGTON:meta, no! don't-
WASHINGTON:dammit. doc, you have to protect epsilon.
DOC:w- what do i do?
WASHINGTON:run!
WASHINGTON:i'll try to hold him.
WASHINGTON:i knew you would do this meta. i just can't believe... can't believe...
WASHINGTON:i can't believe it.
SARGE:there they are. land right next to 'em.
GRIF:rright, land.
SARGE:you do know how to land this vehicle, don't ya?
GRIF:sure, that just means stop flying, right?
SARGE:brace for impact!
TUCKER:oh shit! this is gonna suck!
CABOOSE:i still haven't got my peanuts.
GRIF:oh! ...ow.
DOC:whoa, that was a close one.
WASHINGTON:i would say that was the cavalry, but i've never seen a line of horses crash into the battle field from outer space before.
CHURCH:hey, is it possible for a memory fragment out of an artificial intelligence program enclosed inside of a robotic body to piss its pants? because i'm pretty sure i just did that.
WASHINGTON:come on. let's see how many of your friends survived that.
CHURCH:you know they're not really my friends.
WASHINGTON:that's okay i'm sure none of them really survived.
SARGE:grif! look what you did to our ship.
GRIF:ah fuck it, it's a rental.
SARGE:good point, fuck it.
CHURCH:has anyone seen tex?
WASHINGTON:i'm sorry epsilon. the meta captured her in the memory unit.
CHURCH:there it is!
CHURCH:she's here!
WASHINGTON:epsilon there's nothing we can do, she's stuck in there.
CHURCH:so, let her out.
WASHINGTON:we rigged it so it's one-way. we didn't want you to escape again.
CHURCH:well unrig it.
WASHINGTON:i need to get it to a lab, somewhere with tools.
CHURCH:simmons?
SIMMONS:hey, he's the expert, i don't know what i can do to help.
WASHINGTON:and it's in no condition to move. if it locks down before i can open it she'll be trapped in there.
SIMMONS:we should try something.
WASHINGTON:if i let her out, you have to come with me.
CHURCH:yes, fine, just get her out.
WASHINGTON:caboose, tucker, get in the base. see if you can find some tools.
CABOOSE:okay.
TUCKER:alright i'll be right back.
WASHINGTON:you three find me anything that has power. anything and everything.
WASHINGTON:we're gonna need a lot to keep it online.
SARGE:on it!
CHURCH:i can get her out.
WASHINGTON:what? no.
CHURCH:it's my only option.
WASHINGTON:i need you epsilon, you're my only ticket out of this mess. if you get stuck in there they'll never believe me, i'm not going back to prison.
CHURCH:i can do it.
WASHINGTON:no, i won't let you.
CHURCH:you can't stop me. i have to help her. she's here because of us.
WASHINGTON:because of me?
CHURCH:not you us. me, and alpha, and the director.
WASHINGTON:you've started to remember.
CHURCH:i found some journals from the director. she's someone from his life. someone he loved.
WASHINGTON:allison. her name was allison.
CHURCH:allison... when they made alpha, she came back. she was a by-product of the process.
WASHINGTON:she's just a shadow.
CHURCH:don't call her that. she died in her real life, and that's all the director ever remembered of her. so now, no matter how tough she is, no matter how hard she fights, she's always going to fail, because that's what she's based on. no matter what she's doing, or what she's trying to accomplish, just when her goal is within her reach, it gets yanked away. every, single, time. can you imagine what that's like?
WASHINGTON:i think i'm getting the idea.
CHURCH:uh oh.
SARGE:grif, just remain calm. okay?
GRIF:how, i'm surrounded by aliens and i think they're trying to kill me!
GRIF:they're definitely trying to kill me.
SARGE:grif, do you know where simmons is? grif, hello!
GRIF:oh god, i don't wanna die!
ALIEN:you'll die!
GRIF:*sobbing*
BROWN GUY:sounds like your buddy wandered into firefight mode.
SARGE:what's that?
BROWN GUY:he has to fight wave after wave of aliens 'til it's over.
SARGE:when is it over?
BROWN GUY:when he dies.
SARGE:hm, well that's not so good. on the plus side though it shouldn't take too long.
BROWN GUY:hey, let him know if he preorders from gamestop he can get some new armor.
SARGE:euh, not sure if he stands a chance either way.
BROWN GUY:well if he can find his way over to multiplayer, he can enter a one versus one tournament.
SARGE:would he have to be one of the ones?
BROWN GUY:yyeah.
SARGE:then it seems like a bad idea for him.
BROWN GUY:well they have prizes for the four versus four tournaments too.
SARGE:they got any four versus three and a half competitions?
BROWN GUY:no.
SARGE:then he probably wouldn't qualify.
SARGE:walking along, in forge world, what can i see, from the top of this mountain? lookin' out there, it's an ocean, an ocean, and lots more land, it goes on forever, and ever, and ever, and ever, and ever... walkin' on a beach, it makes me feel sensitive. check it out, a badass waterfall, what else is here who knows. hey there's a cave, i guess i'll walk through it. this map is so frickin' huge i'm kinda freaked out. forge world is so big... halo reach.
SARGE:oh brother, finally.
GRIF:hey what's up sarge.
SARGE:grif! you made it!
GRIF:barely, those aliens never seem to stop, so, eventually i just played dead and they left. then i fell asleep for a few hours. playing dead is more work than i'm used to.
SIMMONS:where've you guys been?
SARGE:i got stuck all the way across the map. this place is huge!
GRIF:and i was attacked by a bunch of aliens?
SARGE:at least you had a chance to win some prizes.
SIMMONS:i've been trying to hold off the blues this whole time by myself.
SARGE:simmons why are they shooting at each other?
SIMMONS:oh i told them if they didn't attack us i would trade them my preorder code for the exclusive chestpiece. now they're fighting each other to see who gets it.
CABOOSE:marco!
GRIF:but you already used your code. you're wearing it.
SIMMONS:yeah, but they don't know that.
SARGE:see fellas, i guess my plan worked after all. now let's get ready for reach!
GRIF:i'm gonna take a nap first.
SIMMONS:oh, you can't, the delivery guy stopped by. you won one of the noble team statues. it takes up your whole bunk.
GRIF:whoa, this thing is huge!
GRIF:simmons what are we looking for?
SIMMONS:power cells, batteries, anything.
GRIF:how is a power cell different from a battery?
SIMMONS:grif, this is not the time.
SARGE:hey, did you hear that?
SIMMONS:yeah, i did. come on grif, let's go.
GRIF:aren't we supposed to run away from explosions?
CHURCH:ow!
SARGE:what happened?
CHURCH:ugh, the meta... there.
SARGE:and i was afraid we wouldn't get to kick a little ass today. come on, fellas.
TUCKER:caboose, stay with church.
CABOOSE:okay.
TUCKER:and try not to kill him by accident.
CABOOSE:okay.
SARGE:attack!
SIMMONS:get him!
GRIF:we're gonna fucking die!
SIMMONS:fire in the hole!
GRIF:this guy hits like a bear.
SARGE:ow! gaw dammit!
TUCKER:stab!
SARGE:wash, come on, he needs help.
WASHINGTON:i can't. i'm done.
TUCKER:guys, i can't fight him by myself!
WASHINGTON:here, take this. you know what to do.
SARGE:come here you big son of a bitch.
GRIF:what's he doing?
SIMMONS:looks like he's killing himself.
GRIF:oh no!
SARGE:hey grif! i've lost my shotgun. what'm i gonna do without... my shotgun? shotgun dammit!
GRIF:shotgun? h!- come on simmons.
SARGE:hey meta, settle a bet, wouldya? does that thing kinda look like a big cat to you?
SIMMONS:come on, push grif.
GRIF:i am pushing!
GRIF:whua!
SIMMONS:grif!
GRIF:simmons, grab my hand! help!
SIMMONS:hold on, hold on, don't let go!
SARGE:uh oh.
SIMMONS:grif!
GRIF:simmooouooouooouooooooouohoohooooooouoooons!
SIMMONS:he's, gone.
SARGE:yes, grif is dead. it's a sad day. but he died as he lived: flat on his belly and trying to get someone else to do his work for him. he will be missed, until we get a replacement. and then forgotten immediately.
SIMMONS:i can't believe he's gone.
TUCKER:you know sometimes when someone falls off a cliff in movies, he's actually just over the edge hanging on a treebranch or something.
SARGE:nope, he's definitely dead.
SIMMONS:maybe we should look, just in case.
SARGE:i think looking would get our hopes up. and grif wouldn't like that. grif would want our expectations to be as low as possible. let's honour him by not looking, and then have a nice lunch. i'm thinking monte cristo sandwich.
SIMMONS:are you sure, i could just peek right over the edge.
SARGE:sounds like a waste of time.
SIMMONS:wouldn't even take a second.
SARGE:nah.
GRIF:oh for god's sake just look over the damn edge, i can't hold on for much longer!
SIMMONS:grif!
SARGE:dangling on the job again i see. dag nabbit i hate cliffhangers.
GRIF:oh just pick me up.
DOC:yeah i don't know, it's in really bad shape. so are you.
CHURCH:there's not much time. i need you to use it on me.
DOC:me? i can't, i'm a medic, i took an oath.
CHURCH:oh yeah. uhh, the first is uh, "do no harm," right?
DOC:well actually now first is lobbying against socialist reform. but second is yeah that no harm thing.
CHURCH:caboose, here, pick it up.
CABOOSE:i can't church.
CHURCH:yes you can. you do this all the time.
CABOOSE:yeah i don't want to.
CHURCH:yeah okay, okay caboose i'm sure i can do it on my own.
CABOOSE:but what if you don't come out again?
CHURCH:well you know what delta always said right?
CABOOSE:memory is the key.
CHURCH:if i don't come back then, you're in charge of remembering me, okay? don't let tucker help he'll just fuck it up. bye buddy.
SARGE:what's going on here?
CABOOSE:church went in, he's going to find her.
SIMMONS:that unit looks bad. let me see what i can do to stabilize it.
SARGE:doc, go check on wash. i don't think he's gonna make it.
SIMMONS:oh no.
CABOOSE:what? what?
SIMMONS:it's only gonna be open for a few more seconds; after that, he'll be trapped.
CABOOSE:come on church, you can do it. do you hear me? you can- run towards my voice!
SIMMONS:it's shutting down, i can't stop it.
CABOOSE:church?
CABOOSE:are you there?
SIMMONS:caboose, i'm sorry.
CABOOSE:church?
GREEN DUDE:and where the hell did the pelican in the water come from?
TUCKER:hmm, i don't know, i guess the meta must have hijacked it, and crashed it here. that makes sense right?
GREEN DUDE:man, the chairman is gonna be pissed. the budget only allows for one crashed pelican per mission. ...alright, well i guess you guys check out. you can head back to your training bases now.
SARGE:we just call them bases.
GREEN DUDE:hn- i bet.
GRIF:hey, we solved your problem. not bad for "trainees."
GREEN DUDE:gotta hand it to you, killing one of these agents would be tough. but three? and this guy.
GREEN DUDE:the chairman will not be happy he's dead. think he wanted to debrief him personally. oh well.
TUCKER:yeah.
CABOOSE:yeah it's too bad.
WASHINGTON:well. be sure to let him know we're sorry.
GREEN DUDE:whatever, you're free to go. if we need you, we know where to find you.
WASHINGTON:why are you guys helping me?
CABOOSE:you helped us wash. only makes sense.
TUCKER:yeah, plus we need to even the teams. and i couldn't put up with caboose constantly asking "can we keep him, can we keep him?"
WASHINGTON:for whatever it's worth, thanks.
GRIF:so, looks like blue team has a new recruit sarge.
SIMMONS:doesn't look so tough to me.
SARGE:maybe this one can shoot. come on fellas, let's go home.
GRIF:uh, jeep's busted sarge. are we walking?
SARGE:that depends: you fellas gotten over your fear of flying yet?
SIMMONS:yes sir.
GRIF:yoink!
GUARD:hey! you can't take that that's- that's unsc property! come back here- hey come on i'm gonna lose my job!
SIMMONS:i hope this doesn't go on our permanent records!
KNEELING GUARD:hey chief, what do you want me to do with this thing? i can't get anything out of it, it's dead as a doornail.
CHIEF:i don't care. toss it in evidence, it's all a bunch of junk now anyway.
CHURCH:i'd like to say that i found her right away. that i just walked into the epsilon unit and there she was waiting for me.
CHURCH:as you can probably guess it didn't happen that way, but, i know she's in here somewhere, and i'll find her; we always seem to find each other, for better or for worse. i don't know why the director did what he did. i don't know if he was trying to revive a memory from his past, or if he was just trying to get it out of his head. but i figured out something that the director didn't. it took alpha, delta and all the rest to help piece it together for me but, what i've learned is that, a great love is a lot like a good memory. when it's there, and you know it's there, but it's just outta your reach, it can be all that you think about. and you can focus on it and try to force it, but the more you do, the more you seem to push it away. but if you're patient, and you hold still, well maybe, just maybe, it'll come to you.
CHURCH:i just need to make sure i'm somewhere that she can find me
CHURCH:i think this place is a little different than it was before. see out there, everything is based on the alpha. but in here, well i guess i'm the alpha. and maybe this time through, things'll be a little different for me as well. i guess i'll find out.
TUCKER:hey church come on! i think the reds got a new vehicle. let's check it out.
CABOOSE:they only got a jeep, we got a tank that's way better!
CHURCH:okay i'll be right there!
CHURCH:and i mean hell... if you have to live the rest of your life in a memory... you might as well make it a good one.
SARGE:hi i'm sarge from the popular webseries, red vs blue.
CHURCH:and i'm one of the other guys.
SARGE:as futuristic warriors and tech enthusiasts, we're often faced with the challenge of deciding whether to upgrade our gizmos, to the latest versions.
CHURCH:so today we present a rare point/counterpoint version of red vs blue. when should you upgrade your hardware?
SARGE:you'll wanna upgrade as soon as the newest version comes out. natural selection tells us that the organism with the best tools, always survives. take the most dominant predator in history:
CHURCH:are you talkin' about tex?
SARGE:i'm talking about velociraptors. stealthy, cunning- and mean as all get out. for years they dominated the earth, with their awesome hunting skills.
CHURCH:frightening.
SARGE:indeed. now imagine one of them with the latest smartphones equipped with bluetooth technology.
CHURCH:ridiculous.
SARGE:ridiculous...ly unstoppable.
SARGE:upgrading to the latest hardware as soon as possible, gives you the edge you need to track and kill your enemies.
SARGE:and turn their precious flesh, into vital nutrients.
CHURCH:on the other hand, maybe you should consider waiting to upgrade. as you probably know, everyone here in the halo universe is about to get a big armor upgrade.
SARGE:can't wait.
CHURCH:yeah, me neither. but don't forget-
CHURCH:during the reach beta, caboose upgraded his armor to the invisibility version, and now that the beta is over, he can't turn it off.
CABOOSE:hello. nice to see everyone, i wish everyone could see me.
SARGE:oh he's invisible! i kept hearing his voice and thought i was just going crazy.
CABOOSE:sigh.
CHURCH:don't worry caboose, once the game comes out, i'm sure there will be a way to shut it off.
CABOOSE:ah, good. i need sleep.
SARGE:sleep? when that game comes out, i won't sleep for a week!
CHURCH:yeah, no it's not that it's just that he's having trouble sleeping because he can see through his eyelids now.
SARGE:oh. ...that's creepy.
CHURCH:i'm positive they'll fix it with a patch though, er- something. right caboose? caboose? where'd you go?
CABOOSE:i'm over here.
CHURCH:god dammit, we need to put a bell on you man.
SARGE:a plain ol' bell, no way! get the latest bell. it has wireless speakers and eighteen different bell tones. plus every time it rings, an angel gets an eagle greeter.
CHURCH:no way, i'm not gonna upgrade his bell now. you know there's just gonna be a better version of one next year.
CABOOSE:oh, you're not upgrading?
CHURCH:not me man, no way.
CABOOSE:because i was gonna tell you that they make that chat pad for your controller in black now.
CHURCH:well... i need to have that.
SARGE:heh- sure you do buddy.
CHURCH:really, it's a necessity.
SARGE:hheheheh. if you say so.
DOCKING AGENT:four-seven-niner this is angel on my shoulder i need you to modify your thrust velocity.
PILOT:negative on the modify, angel on my shoulder. i have injured on board, requesting clearance to dock.
DOCKING AGENT:look if you try docking at that speed you're gonna have a lot more injured on board, four-seven, throttle down.
PILOT:requesting clearance to manual dock then. patient is critical, need to offload asap.
DOCKING AGENT:what- no negative four-seven-niner, clearance denied. the station does not allow for manual docks. throttle down or spin to a go-round, it's your choice.
PILOT:negative on the go-round, angel.
DOCKING AGENT:this isn't a military dock, four-seven, we're civilian medical on loan to the unsc. you try manual dock and you'll tear a hole in-
PILOT:not my call, angel. patient is level zero.
DOCKING AGENT:...level zero? gonna need confirmation for that, four-seven.
DIRECTOR:angel on my shoulder, this is director church. i respectfully request your assistance. our situation is rather dire.
DOCKING AGENT:four-seven-niner you are clear for docking bay six, manual control... proceed with caution.
DIRECTOR:i'll prep the patient.
PILOT:well, i guess so much for our go-round.
DOCKING AGENT:i heard that four-seven-niner.
PILOT:yup, that's 'cause i transmitted it.
COUNSELLOR:greetings, director. was that agent maine?
DIRECTOR:we picked up his beacon. least we know that system works.
COUNSELLOR:do you know what happened?
DIRECTOR:i know who will.
MEDIC:come on team let's move, we're losing him!
WASHINGTON:can't you stabilize him?
MEDIC:we're doing our best, sir.
WASHINGTON:is there something i can do?
MEDIC:sorry sir, you're gonna have to wait here. medical crew only.
WASHINGTON:eugh. typical medic bullshit.
PA VOICE:paging doctor ross.
DOCTOR:his vitals are falling. we need to stabilize.
COUNSELLOR:agent washington, status report.
WASHINGTON:maine was injured, sir. we failed the objective.
COUNSELLOR:how were two soldiers of your caliber possibly hurt by simulation troopers?
WASHINGTON:they... got the jump on us.
COUNSELLOR:disappointing. but we'll deal with that after surgery.
WASHINGTON:yes sir.
WASHINGTON:come on, buddy, hang in there.
YORK:how is he?
WASHINGTON:oh, hey man. not good. he was shot in the throat. the medic said even if he survives, he'll probably never talk again. how's your eye?
YORK:docs are lettin' me out tomorrow. seems like a lot of people are getting hurt these days.
WASHINGTON:yeah. it's just that everything seems to be moving so much more quickly now. the suits, the missions, and now these, what do they call 'em, a.i. things? york, do you think we're moving too fast?
YORK:the whole universe is movin' too fast, wash.
YORK:i think we're just tryin' to keep up.
CHURCH:you know, it seems like just yesterday when we were all playing in blood gulch for the first time. capturing flags, slaying each other in the original halo. hard to believe that was 10 years ago. and that bungie is celebrating its twentieth anniversary on top of that. and to commemmorate that momentous occasion, bungie is-
SARGE:uhuuuh. despair.
CHURCH:sarge, what's wrong? you seem sad. and, also on fire.
SARGE:that's just it: bungie's celebrating their last birthday with halo. so they're sending their baby out in style - giving everyone a bungie flaming helmet, and a special nameplate for their spartan.
CHURCH:seriously? that's badass! no-one's been able to get those before. why are you acting so upset?
SARGE:i got my flames, and well... they didn't tell me they would be so...
CHURCH:hot?
SARGE:blue.
CHURCH:oh. right. so they're not hot?
SARGE:no, they are, scolding in fact. it's like an inferno in here. there might be a polarity issue with my helmet. hard to decide, is it worse to be on fire, or be blue?
CHURCH:well which is it?
SARGE:i'm thinin' about it.
CHURCH:i think i can smell your hair burning.
SARGE:yep, still thinkin'. just give me a minute.
CABOOSE:church, i've got the blue flames also!
CHURCH:oh yeah, you did too?
CABOOSE:yeah, i got a new bungie mobile app and they let me turn on blue flames in my iphone!
CABOOSE:oh, wait- i, i lost my signal-
CABOOSE:uhp- there it is again-
CABOOSE:no it's gone. i need to get to higher ground.
CHURCH:caboose, the reception in the canyon is terrible, just use the damn website!
CABOOSE:no, i got it!
CABOOSE:oh darnit.
SIMMONS:yeah, flames are cool. but during the celebration, bungie's also gonna be telling us about their new project, bungie aerospace.
CHURCH:whoa, seriously!?
SIMMONS:yeheah, and i got an early look at the presentation too.
CHURCH:you did?
SIMMONS:yeahah, it's gonna be awesome. what they're gonna be doing is-
CHURCH:man. that was... a lot of detail, they were all crazy.
SIMMONS:i know!
CHURCH:especially that one part, you talked about, where they-
SIMMONS:hhuh, i also may go see a movie later, maybe catch a bite to eat. eh, how 'bout you, any plans?
CHURCH:dude, h-how did we even get on this topic? how much of this last scene did they cut?
TUCKER:no need to pay for dinner guys, all we have to do is play some reach.
CHURCH:tucker, that doesn't make sense.
TUCKER:it does if you play bungie and score a steaktacular on them.
CABOOSE:in the bungie day matchmaking play list.
TUCKER:if you do they'll send you free steak.
CHURCH:wha- real steak?
TUCKER:that's right.
CABOOSE:and you can cook it on sarge's head.
CHURCH:oh yeah, hey how's he doing?
CABOOSE:well, medium well.
TUCKER:and if steak isn't your thing, they're also gonna auction off rare collectibles from the archives-
CABOOSE:you know, for the bungie foundation.
TUCKER:stuff like concept art, an original illustration of master chief, a macaroni statue of sgt. johnson... wait what? dammit caboose, you wrote that into the list, didn't you.
CABOOSE:my art needs to be seen, and respected.
TUCKER:no, their art needs to be seen. your art needs to be covered in cheese, and eaten.
CHURCH:all that stuff is great, but you know what i'm gonna do? i'm gonna go out and play some halo, with the guys that made it, and have given us twenty great years of gaming. so whaddaya say, how 'bout we show them how much we care by filling them full o' lead, and ritually crouching over their lifeless husks.
TUCKER:i'm in.
CABOOSE:me too!
SIMMONS:yeahah, get some, bitches!
CHURCH:sarge?
SARGE:hurrk! blarg.
CHURCH:okay i'll take that as a yes. um, somebody should, probably get a fire extinguisher for him.
CHURCH:man, i am so excited for the start of season 9 sarge.
SARGE:me too.
CHURCH:and we're totally on easy street this year man. we're just, you know, have to stand around and talk like we usually do. let those other chumps handle all the action stuff.
CABOOSE:comiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing!
CHURCH:watch out for the falling rock by the way.
SARGE:thanks.
CHURCH:yeah no problem.
CABOOSE:yeah i don't know. i miss all the action sometimes.
SARGE:uhh, did you just fall out of the sky?
CABOOSE:yeah.
CHURCH:caboose, what action do you miss? all we ever did was get our ass kicked by tex.
SARGE:you weren't even in the action scenes last year caboose.
CABOOSE:oh i don't mean last season, i mean during the break.
CHURCH:during the off-season?
SARGE:what were you doing?
CABOOSE:(voiceover) oh, i was outside the base one day and a guy pulled up in a warthog and told me to get in 'cause i was late. so i got in. and then he took me to this cool place and there was some stuff and then there was some other stuff...
CABOOSE:(regular voice) touch. hello!
CABOOSE:(voiceover) and then i met some new people and they were nice and i wasn't scare of them because they looked mean.
CABOOSE:(regular voice) you look scary even though you are smiling. hello nice lady who is also a robot.
CHURCH:wait wait a second, wait a second, are you saying... did you go into the campaign?
CABOOSE:yap- i don't know what that means, so i'm just going to nod and say yes. yes.
SARGE:who told you that you could do that?
CABOOSE:oh the man in the car. he just kept asking me "are you six? you are six, right?" and i'm way older than six, so... i said yes. every time.
CHURCH:that's not- he didn't- he meant noble six, dumbass!
CABOOSE:yeah, he did seem pretty confused, or maybe he was just confusing, i forget which one. anyway, me and my new friends went on lots of adventures together.
SOLDIER:i'm not gonna lie to you, lieutenant, you're stepping into some shoes the rest of the squad would rather leave unfilled.
CABOOSE:is it because they stepped in gum? i do that all the time.
CABOOSE:(voiceover) yeah, we saw stuff on fire, and some destroyed stuff, and some stuff that was birds... but mostly stuff on fire that was destroyed.
CHURCH:what!?
SOLDIER:curve is to the east.
CABOOSE:crutches made with yeast.
SOLDIER:let's go.
CABOOSE:got it.
CABOOSE:(voiceover) and then we rode on a roller coaster that was super fun, and went really, really high.
CHURCH:because it was a spaceship!
CABOOSE:raaaaw-blink! sound effects.
CABOOSE:iii caaaan't diiiie. man i can't wait to touch all these buttons.
PILOT:don't touch any buttons.
CABOOSE:...
PILOT:...
CABOOSE:...touch.
CABOOSE:come on giant friend, come back soon!
CABOOSE:(voiceover) and then i met this lady who was old and mean but she gave me a present so i liked her.
LADY:do you have it?
CABOOSE:no, you won't let go.
LADY:say the words, please.
CABOOSE:the words, please.
SOLDIER:what?
CABOOSE:(voiceover) and then i met some other guys that were totally impressed.
CABOOSE:hah, yeah that was super hard. don't try that.
SOLDIER:you jumped over a sand dune. it didn't look dangerous.
CABOOSE:then how did i lose all my fingers?
SOLDIER:what?
CABOOSE:ah- just kidding.
SOLDIER:fucking loser.
CABOOSE:deek deek deek deek, deek deek deek, deek deek deek deek deek, deek, deek deek deek deek di- ha!
CABOOSE:deek deek deek, deek deek deek deek deek. i just stepped in some gum. got to find some peanut butter.
CABOOSE:(voiceover) and when my mission was all done they politely dropped me back off at home because they are my new best friends.
SOLDIER:alright, time for you to leave.
CABOOSE:goodbye! thank you for the ride! you are my new best friends and i will never forget you! you probably can't hear me though because everyone knows there's no oxygen on a roller coaster! i am yelling quieter now because i am further away from you!
CABOOSE:and then i landed back here at home with my real best friends.
CHURCH:caboose, that was a crazy story dude.
CABOOSE:i know. you have no idea.
SARGE:no - you have no idea.
CABOOSE:right. nobody has any ideas.
SARGE:no son, you specifically, have no idea.
CHURCH:hi. my name is leonard church. but, nobody calls me leonard.
CHURCH:most people call me church. sometimes they call me alpha, and a few people even know me as the director. but i haven't been called that, in a really, really long time. you see, i know that when you look at me, i know i look like a super badass space warrior, but i'm really not. i'm actually a-
TUCKER:hey church!
CHURCH:uh, h-gh- just uh, ignore, uh- i'm actually a computer program, that's been reincarnated in the memory of-
TUCKER:church!
CHURCH:i'm actually a computer program-
TUCKER:hey church!
CHURCH:that's been reincarnated in the memory of a-
TUCKER:where the hell are you?!
CHURCH:okay, uh, i'm just gonna start over. uh i'm just uh- i'll just ta- i'm just gonna go back to the beginning.
TUCKER:church!
CHURCH:hi.
TUCKER:church!
CHURCH:my name is leonard church.
TUCKER:church!
CHURCH:but, nobody calls me-
TUCKER:hey church, come on!
CHURCH:hhhhhngh. god dammit, what!? what do you want!?
TUCKER:come on, get up here!
CHURCH:yeah, okay, hold on, for god's sakes i'm coming. shut up!
CHURCH:god dammit, i can't even have one fucking moment to myself. can't even be alone with my thoughts, not even for a second. someone's always gotta fucking yell, or scream or, "come look at this; what's going on over here" or "hey church, help me out, i don't know what the fuck i'm doing." fucking assholes. god i forgot how much this place sucks.
CABOOSE:now when he gets up here, remember the plan.
TUCKER:plan? what plan?
CABOOSE:we only have one shot at this, don't let it fall apart.
TUCKER:why are you talking to me like this is supposed to make sense? is this another one o' your idiot schemes to make church your best friend?
CABOOSE:okay shhh- remember, let me do the talking.
TUCKER:do the talking about what, idiot?
CABOOSE:don't worry, i got this.
TUCKER:what would i be worried about, i don't even know what you're doing.
CABOOSE:hey church, welcome to the cliff.
CHURCH:hey guys, hey guys-hhh, man, whoo!
CABOOSE:okay, abort. the plan did not work.
TUCKER:that was it? okay now i actually wanna know, what was the plan? 'cause apparently phase one was saying hi. what was next, were you gonna wave?
CABOOSE:abort. abort.
CHURCH:hohw... what're you guys... what do you guys want? *gasp*
TUCKER:dude, are you fucking dying? you sound like my vacuum cleaner when it picks up a penny.
CHURCH:i'm just a little uh, *gasp* out of breath. i'm not used to this, it's been a while since i uh, had a human body.
CABOOSE:oh god i know, i- i hate having one of those; i-it's like, it always wants to pee. like all the time.
TUCKER:what the fuck is everyone talking about today? did i miss a staff meeting? what other body would you have?
CHURCH:it's uh, it's a long story. remind me to tell you some time. so uh, what's up, what's goin' on?
TUCKER:we have movement over at the red team's base. i thought we should check it out. actually, i thought we should ignore it, but there's really not anything else to do.
CHURCH:movement? what kind of movement?
CABOOSE:the red kind.
TUCKER:remember that new vehicle they got? they've been making modifications to it.
CHURCH:well that doesn't sound good, how're they modifying it?
TUCKER:i don't know, why're you asking me?
CHURCH:wait- you've been up here watching them all this time, can't you make a guess?
TUCKER:well i don't know man, they sure as hell ain't installing a stereo.
CHURCH:thanks. caboose, what do you think it is?
CABOOSE:yeah, actually i was gonna say stereo, but now it seems like a bad idea to say that so now i'm going to say... radio.
TUCKER:that's the same thing, idiot.
CABOOSE:yup i know, but i still think i won somehow.
CHURCH:here, let me see the sniper rifle, i'll check for myself.
TUCKER:do you even know how to use that thing?
CHURCH:do i know how to use- of course i know how to use it don't uh... hey where's the um... how do i make it do the thing, the, thu... the thing, where everything gets closer? everything gets closer and bigger? how do i do the closer, bigger thing, with it?
TUCKER:you mean zoom?
CHURCH:zoom, yeah that's it, zoom. what's tha-oh are you saying, do i say zoom? zoom. zoom! rifle.
TUCKER:press the black button.
CHURCH:oh.
CHURCH:...shut up.
TUCKER:hey i didn't say a word dude.
DONUT:okay, that'll do her. fire it up, boss.
DONUT:let's test this bad boy out. simmons, hop up!
CHURCH:huh. yeah, looks like they've modified their jeep. they changed the turret. what is that, like some kind of radar dish?
TUCKER:i think it's a rocket launcher.
CHURCH:that's impossible. you can't fire rockets from a jeep, dumbass. there'd be too much uh... torque, or something like that. it's probably some kind of like microwave transmitter.
TUCKER:well, they were loading rockets in it earlier, so, unless they were microwaving explosives for a tasty snack, it's probably a rocket launcher.
CABOOSE:oh great, now i want a snack.
CHURCH:hey, didn't you hear what i said about the torque? it's probably like-
CHURCH:son of a bitch!
TUCKER:yeah, i'm feeling pretty confident about my rocket launcher guess.
CABOOSE:yeah i don't know, i think church was right, i'm pretty sure i just torqued in my pants.
TUCKER:ah! i hate being right all the time.
DONUT:yeah! almost got ya that time, sluts! reload, simmons.
SIMMONS:alright!
DONUT:let's put the next one right up their ass.
SIMMONS:uh, okay, sure, but, you don't need to say it like that. i think the weapon is equally as effective no matter where it hits them.
DONUT:start stuffing, simmons!
SIMMONS:okay okay!
CHURCH:...was that donut?
TUCKER:i don't know, that's the chick who was working on the jeep.
CHURCH:he's not a girl, tucker, he just wears pink armor. it's a guy.
TUCKER:it is? are you sure?
CHURCH:yes, i'm sure.
TUCKER:uh, then i suddenly feel pretty awkward about something i did twenty minutes ago.
CABOOSE:during alone time.
CHURCH:what the hell is alone time?
TUCKER:hey, it's one of the rules of the cliff, dude: what happens in alone time stays in alone time.
CHURCH:what do you do during alone time, caboose?
TUCKER:oh, i do the same stuff i do during together time... only half.
CHURCH:...what?
TUCKER:another benefit of alone time, not listening to him for a few minutes.
DONUT:hoo-rah, bitches! hoo-fucking-rah!
SIMMONS:yeahah, take that blues!
DONUT:next one is blowing your armor clean off!
SIMMONS:or it'll just hurt you a lot! you know, some of us realize that's enough! why do you keep making it weird?
CHURCH:dammit. rocket jeeps? donut giving orders? this is gettin' ridiculous. i'm putting a stop to this.
TUCKER:church, wait!
CABOOSE:tucker, get down. they're firing again.
TUCKER:that wasn't a rocket, that was something else. church, where're you going? church!
CHURCH:to set things straight, tucker. if we're gonna do this, it has to be done the right way. or there's no point in doing it at all, okay? there's an order to things tucker, an order.
COUNSELLOR:our, operatives are, in position, director.
DIRECTOR:good, send them in.
COUNSELLOR:if i may say, sir, my testing indicates that this, might not be the best-
DIRECTOR:the system will determine what's best, counsellor. the system will determine the order. send them in.
COUNSELLOR:our, operatives are, in position, director.
DIRECTOR:good, send them in.
COUNSELLOR:if i may say, sir, my testing indicates that this, might not be the best, team for the job.
DIRECTOR:the system will determine what's best, counsellor. the system will determine the order. send them in.
GUARD 1:christ, is it cold or what?
GUARD 2:how cold do you think it is?
GUARD 1:it, it has to be below freezing, right?
GUARD 2:well there's ice, so, yeah. freezing.
GUARD 1:patrolling in the ice, give me a fucking break.
GUARD 1:you know who doesn't have patrol, in the middle of the night, in the ice?
GUARD 2:i'm sure you'll tell me.
GUARD 1:jenkins.
GUARD 2:euh.
GUARD 1:i bet jenkins is sleeping right now. back in his rack, with his big fuckin' melonhead, on a soft pillow.
GUARD 2:yeah, that's jenkins.
GUARD 1:you know i had terminal duty eight weeks straight? eight weeks man!
GUARD 2:ea, lucky you.
GUARD 1:and i make one fucking comment about the co to jenkins-
GUARD 2:huh, that's great.
GUARD 1:and the next thing you know-
GUARD 1:i'm out on patrol. jenkins gets my terminal duty, and i get to freeze my ass off out here, with... murphy? come on, murphy, hey, where are ya? murph?
GUARD 1:stop messin' around, murph! ...murph!
VOICE LIKE MURPHY'S:yeah, in here. i thought i heard somethin'.
GUARD 1:oh yeah? what'd you hear? a ghost?
SOUTH:yeah, i guess you could say something like that.
GUARD 1:what the fuck-
SOUTH:hey, we clear?
NORTH:yes south, you're clear. but watch your corners; the smoke is good for cover, but it's playing hell with my thermals. and the cold isn't helping.
SOUTH:what's the time?
NORTH:don't worry about the time. worry about the objective. next patrol's in twenty seconds.
SOUTH:heh. i'll be gone before that.
NORTH:ohkay, slow down, south. set your motion trackers.
SOUTH:naw, takes too long.
NORTH:so does getting caught, set your trackers.
NORTH:south, i do not have visual in there. i can't be your eyes if i can't see.
SOUTH:just trust me north, i got this.
NORTH:south, talk to me.
SOUTH:not right now, north. i see the objective. going to initiate transfer.
NORTH:while it's loading, set your goddamn tracker. there's bound to be some- ...south, i got something odd on thermal. two small dots.
SOUTH:come on, come on.
NORTH:south, check your six! i think something's in there!
SOUTH:don't, even, think about it.
SOUTH:aw shit. about to get loud...
NORTH:on my way.
NORTH:well, so much for keeping quiet. south, meet me at the helipad for extraction.
SOUTH:roger. might need a minute.
SOUTH:shotgun!
NORTH:catch!
SOUTH:thanks.
SOUTH:sniper, top of that building!
NORTH:switch, on my mark- sync?
SOUTH:sync!
NORTH:mark!
SOUTH:moving!
NORTH:go, go go!
NORTH:watch your left!
NORTH:get the door, i'll hold them off.
SOUTH:good.
SOUTH:let's move.
NORTH:switch!
NORTH:move!
SOUTH:oh come on.
GUARD CAPTAIN:attention assholes. stand down, you're surrounded! give us the data file, now! you will be taken into custody!
VOICE:situation is critical, sir. should we do something?
DIRECTOR:yes. send her in.
VOICE:roger that.
VOICE:come in number one; number one, you are green.
DIRECTOR:activate failsafe.
VOICE:copy sir. initiating beta protocol.
NORTH:well, out of the frying pan and into the fire.
SOUTH:eh, figure i could take about fifty of 'em. how 'bout you?
NORTH:how 'bout you save your jokes until we get out of this?
SOUTH:where the hell is extraction?
GUARD CAPTAIN:attention assholes. stand down, you're surrounded! give us the data file, now! you will be taken into custody. we can either do this the easy way, or the hard way. there is no escape, so give us the damn data file!
NORTH:get down! son of a bitch.
SOUTH:what's going on?
NORTH:it's her.
SOUTH:what? what's she doing here?
CAROLINA:okay, my turn.
SOLDIER 1:oh my god oh my god oh my god - yes! a rifle! i'm saved!
SOLDIER 2:uh, hey man, i hate to bother you, but, i think that's my rifle you're holding.
SOLDIER 1:what the hell are you talking about, just, grab any rifle, like look at that, there's seriously a pile of rifles-
SOLDIER 2:that's my good gun man.
SOLDIER 1:-right there man.
SOLDIER 2:that's the one i sleep with every night.
SOLDIER 1:are you kidding me man?
NORTH:south, look out!
NORTH:ah!
SOUTH:north- no!
GUARD CAPTAIN:what the?-
SOUTH:i got you. move!
SOUTH:come in command, we have wounded, you need to get us out of here, right now.
CAROLINA:come on you two, we're leaving.
CAROLINA:sorry about the mess, fellas! package is secure, everybody on board.
PILOT:somebody call for a ride?
CAROLINA:you're late.
PILOT:yeah, well, you can take it outta my tip.
DONUT:nice shot. hit them again, simmons.
SIMMONS:roger.
SARGE:did we hit 'em?
SIMMONS:i don't know, hard to tell.
TUCKER:missed, bitches!
SIMMONS:aw dammit.
DONUT:i have a plan. we need to use stealth.
SIMMONS:great idea.
DONUT:okay, let's try this: sir, you lay down some cover fire. simmons, the two of us can sneak around their backside, and slip on in.
SIMMONS:okay; just saying stealth was enough man. we don't need to expand on good ideas. especially after other people have already agreed to them.
SARGE:sounds good, sir! i mean, wait, i'm the sir. but we should do that! make it so.
CHURCH:hey reds, yo! hold on a second, cease fire.
DONUT:who the hell is that?
SARGE:it's one of the blue guys. he's just walkin' up here.
DONUT:by himself? that guy is fucked.
SIMMONS:totally.
DONUT:he's gonna get totally fucked.
SIMMONS:okay see? right there. you changed the way you said it again. can you not do that please?
CHURCH:hey guys, hold up, you hear?
CHURCH:ah- what the hell!? cease fire man, it's me!
DONUT:yeah we know it's you dipshit. that's why we're shootin'.
CHURCH:i just wanna talk for a second.
SIMMONS:yeah so what, what does that mean?
CHURCH:you know i just wanna talk to you about... uoh... somet- oh shit. i think i fucked up. i fucked up, didn't i? you guys don't know who i am.
SARGE:maybe we should give him a chance. see what he has to say. he could provide some intel by accident. or, give us the blue perspective. i always wanted to hear that.
DONUT:i wanna shoot him.
SIMMONS:okay, just to be clear, i understand what you meant by that. i get that you want to shoot him with bullets.
DONUT:red hot bullets.
SIMMONS:please, that's enough.
SARGE:let's hear him out. then you shoot him.
DONUT:how 'bout i just wound him? then he can still talk, and i get to shoot him. that's a win/win.
CHURCH:not for me, i get shot!
SIMMONS:okay, how 'bout this: donut gets to shoot you, in exchange for you getting to say what you need to say.
DONUT:five minutes of talking, for one shot. where do you want it blue, the shoulder, or the foot?
CHURCH:well obviously i would pick the foot, but i don't want you guys to shoot me until-
CHURCH:ow son of a bitch!
DONUT:okay, your five minutes have started. go.
CABOOSE:what happened.
TUCKER:one of the reds just shot church in the foot.
CHURCH:ow, that fucking hurt!
TUCKER:do you think we should try to help?
CABOOSE:i don't really see how we can, i can't really get a clear shot at church from this angle.
CHURCH:how, man, you guys are a bunch of dicks. i just got this foot.
SIMMONS:four minutes left.
CHURCH:i just want to say, you guys are all mixed up. you're doing it wrong.
DONUT:doing what wrong?
CHURCH:this! your team. like, where's grif?
DONUT:he's in the base, cleaning up. he loves to keep things tidy.
CHURCH:naw-no no no, see, that's not right, this isn't the way things are supposed to be. they got all confused somehow. grif isn't tidy at all, he's filthy!
SIMMONS:he's gonna wash his hands for a week if he hears you say that.
CHURCH:grif, come on, get out here man!
GRIF:i'm doing my second coat of floor wax. that's when the shine comes to life. i'll be out in a minute!
CHURCH:ugh, sarge, come on, be sarge, yell at him. get him out here.
SARGE:why would i yell at a subordinate? seems unfair to yell at someone who can't yell back.
CHURCH:what that's su-what?
SARGE:hey, sorry about calling you fellas subordinates-
CHURCH:that's so lame.
SARGE:no offense meant.
DONUT:none taken, boss.
SIMMONS:actually, kinda like being talked down to.
CHURCH:okay, seriously, sarge, come on. you love being in charge, tell these guys to, like you know, shape up or do somethin'.
SARGE:well, i guess they could be doing a better job.
DONUT:how?
SARGE:hgh, i just want you guys to feel like you're reaching your full potential.
DONUT:i know i am.
SIMMONS:me too.
DONUT:my potential is so full, i feel like i could fill up a couple other soldiers' potentials.
SIMMONS:god dammit, mine is just the regular kind of full.
CHURCH:and donut, come on, man. this isn't you. you're supposed to be, you know free spirited. not some kind of repressed over-achieving jarhead.
SIMMONS:one minute left.
CHURCH:dude what, what fucking clock are you using, it's been like fifteen seconds.
SIMMONS:yeah? and what about me, blue guy. am i supposed to be different too, you know, someone less nerdy and not lonely every second of the day?
CHURCH:no, you're pretty much spot-on, simmons.
SIMMONS:oh. okay. great.
DONUT:i've heard just about all i want outta this guy.
CHURCH:alright i'm leaving, but just remember: this isn't the way things are meant to be. you know it, and i know it. donut, you're a nice guy, you're not a jerk. try expressing yourself a little bit, you know, like, start keeping a uh, like a journal, or a diary or something like that.
DONUT:*cough* wha- a what?
CHURCH:never mind, never mind, i'm leaving, i'm leaving. i'm gonna limp home now. okay? ow. ow. ow. ow.
SARGE:the nerve of that guy. he's just tryin' to get in our heads. right?
DONUT:how did he know about my diary...
SIMMONS:your what?
DONUT:nothing! i have t- i have t- go, log... log this in, s- in my log book.
GRIF:donut, don't track mud in here, you know better!
SARGE:what do you think simmons?
SIMMONS:hard to say, sir. he was talking nonsense, but he sounded so sure of himself. i think he should count himself lucky just to get out of this one alive.
CAROLINA:incoming transmission, i got it. this is vehicle four-seven-niner responding, go for secure.
FILSS:secure. hello agent carolina.
CAROLINA:good morning, filss. nice to hear your voice.
FILSS:is this a bad time? you sound, occupied.
CAROLINA:the l.z. got a little... hot. we may be late for the rendezvous, but we'll get there. don't leave without us.
FILSS:understood. it sounds like the director was right to send you along to assist the team.
CAROLINA:seems that way. can't say everyone on board feels the same.
FILSS:all agents accounted for. excellent work.
CAROLINA:filss, i see a blank spot in the head count. please verify.
FILSS:we will see you at the rendezvous, agent carolina. fly safe, and have a nice day.
CAROLINA:roger that, carolina out. south, check our six.
SOUTH:heads up, we got company back here.
PILOT:who are your friends?
CAROLINA:just some people we met at the party.
PILOT:they seem nice.
CAROLINA:nice move; firing missiles.
SOUTH:can't you get us out of here?
PILOT:i'm working on it.
SOUTH:well, what's that noise?
PILOT:they have missile lock.
SOUTH:that's bad.
PILOT:yes, that's bad.
SOUTH:take evasive manoeuvers!
PILOT:i'm trying.
SOUTH:well try harder!
PILOT:hey south, do me a favour, would ya?
SOUTH:what?
PILOT:thanks.
SOUTH:you stupid bitch!
CAROLINA:releasing flares.
SOUTH:i hate flying!
PILOT:hey, everybody hold on back there, things are gonna get a little uh...
CAROLINA:bumpy?
PILOT:yeah. uh, well i was gonna say crashy, but yeah, bumpy works.
CAROLINA:countermeasures depleted. north, get moving. i'm clearing you for equipment usage.
PILOT:whatever you're gonna do back there, do it fast.
NORTH:stay safe kiddo.
PILOT:north. north!
NORTH:well, here goes nothin'.
CAROLINA:pull up, pull up!
CAROLINA:there's the rendezvous. if we're gonna make it you'd better punch it.
CAROLINA:whoa!
PILOT:mother of invention, we're inbound.
FILSS:we will have medical personnel waiting for you in the landing bay. welcome home, four-seven-niner.
PILOT:thank you filss, good to be home.
CHURCH:ow. ow. ow- ow.
CABOOSE:church! you're home. welcome back.
CHURCH:yeah, yeah thanks for helping me while the reds just shoot me in the god damn foot.
CABOOSE:yeah, well, you told us to stay on the cliff, and i did. yeah i was helping.
CHURCH:oh really, then why aren't you on the cliff right now?
CABOOSE:aw i thought the helping part was over.
CHURCH:ow. ow. ow, assholes, ow.
TUCKER:you're back already?
CHURCH:what do you mean 'already'? it took me half an hour to limp across this goddam canyon.
TUCKER:yeah, but we thought they were gonna kill you. i expect you back, never. so in my mind you're early.
CHURCH:shut up.
CABOOSE:he is right about the two different times.
CHURCH:you shut up too.
CABOOSE:alright, well now the helping part is definitely over.
CHURCH:dammit, y-gh- this is exactly what i get for trying to fix things.
TUCKER:what're you fixing?
CHURCH:everything, us, the reds, trying to make things the way they're supposed to be. yngaw, my foot.
TUCKER:are you okay?
CHURCH:-m i ok- do i look okay do i sound, okay?
TUCKER:i don't know, you're wearing full body armor and bleeding. that means you're either dying, or just whining.
CHURCH:well, i'm hurt. alright?
TUCKER:you want me to call command, have them send a medic?
CHURCH:no. no medic. i'm not hurt that bad. besides, those guys are just... bad luck.
CABOOSE:i already called command.
CHURCH:you did?
TUCKER:caboose, you're not allowed to use the radio.
CABOOSE:right, unless it's emergency. and then i can use it to call command. and also 800 numbers i see on tv. 'cause those are free to call.
CHURCH:800 numbers?
TUCKER:dammit caboose, what did you order this time?
CABOOSE:nothing.
TUCKER:caboose...
CABOOSE:i pri- i promise you'll not see anything show up here that i ordered, nothing at all. for at least six to eight weeks.
TUCKER:dammit.
CHURCH:what the hell is he talking about?
CABOOSE:well you sound upset. you'll probably want some beef jerky. it'll be ready in six to eight weeks.
TUCKER:you ordered a food dehydrator, didn't you.
CABOOSE:oh you won't be so mad when we're storing twice as much ammo as we normally can!
TUCKER:for the billionth time caboose, you can't dehydrate bullets.
CHURCH:you actually order all those stupid gadgets that you see on tv?
CABOOSE:maybe. sometimes. and that special forces person also.
TUCKER:you idiot.
CHURCH:wait, what did you just say?
CABOOSE:oh, yes. yes they are sending someone to help us.
CHURCH:command is.
CABOOSE:yes. unless that's bad, in which case i don't know what you're talking about.
CHURCH:what- they aren't supposed to send anybody 'til after i die.
TUCKER:we thought you were dead, dude. you walked into red base.
CHURCH:caboose, did they say who they were sending?
CABOOSE:uh, ah-yes, they definitely did.
CHURCH:...
TUCKER:...
CHURCH:okay, do you remember who they-
CABOOSE:no.
CHURCH:god dammit.
SIMMONS:hey grif, grif.
GRIF:stop right there, simmons.
SIMMONS:what, is it danger? the blues?
GRIF:no. you are not walking across my floor with those boots. i just mopped it.
SIMMONS:grif, there's no time for this.
GRIF:time for what, simmons, a "job well done?" there's always time for that. i believe you know my motto.
SIMMONS:you don't have a motto.
GRIF:that's right, because there's always something more productive that i could be doing. who has time to sit around making up mottos when they could be buffing the floor.
SIMMONS:well i need to get through.
GRIF:sorry, you're just gonna have to wait five more minutes. it's not that long, just do what i do, count to three, a hundred times.
SIMMONS:why wouldn't i just count to three hundred?
GRIF:because doing things three times is fun? turning off light switches, locking the door, turning off light switches...
SIMMONS:you said turning off light switches twice.
GRIF:you're right, i should probably say it a third time, just to make sure that no-one i love dies. turning off light switches, there, that feels better.
SIMMONS:dude, you have issues.
GRIF:i also have a clean floor, which you can't walk on.
SIMMONS:but i need to get-
GRIF:simmons, you know the rules, and what happens when we abandon the rules? everybody gets germs and dies.
SIMMONS:oh. silly me. i forgot the reason i came in here. sarge wants you to take a break, grif. you're on break right now.
GRIF:a break. uh'm not familiar with the concept.
SIMMONS:just, stop working. relax.
GRIF:relax, huh, yeah right. and how exactly would i go about doing that? is there like a manual, i could read or something i-
SIMMONS:just stop cleaning, do nothing. huw, what happened to donut?
GRIF:he's in his bunk, reading that book he always reads.
SIMMONS:what book?
GRIF:don't know. i don't ask, he doesn't tell. it's got flowers on it.
SIMMONS:flowers?
GRIF:and drawings of things, with hearts; he likes to read it and cry.
DONUT:i'm not crying!
SIMMONS:sarge needs your help donut. we're building a robot using that robot building kit command sent us.
DONUT:i'm not really feeling up to it today.
SIMMONS:that blue guy have you depressed? you're bothered by what he said, aren't you.
DONUT:maybe.
SIMMONS:why did you listen to him? i didn't even know you had feelings, donut.
DONUT:well i do, okay?
SIMMONS:whatever. come help us if you want, up to you.
DONUT:okay. i'll be out in a minute. i wanna get my head together. need to clean my weapon, maybe light a few candles.
SIMMONS:uh, candle's really not the best light source for field stripping a pistol.
DONUT:ugh, not everything is about function, simmons.
SIMMONS:what did i say?
GRIF:huh? what i- sorry, i wasn't listening. i was, i was kinda doing nothing.
SIMMONS:looks like donut got tracks all over your shiny floor, grif.
GRIF:nyeh, oh well. i'm on break anyway, right? why should i give a fuck.
GRIF:whoa, that felt really, really good to say that.
SIMMONS:hgh, what is wrong with everyone? man, i hate when things change.
DIRECTOR:the data you recovered has pinpointed the location of a very important target for project freelancer. excellent work.
NORTH,  SOUTH AND  CAROLINA:thank you sir.
DIRECTOR:counsellor, please update the board.
DIRECTOR:that is all. dismissed.
SOUTH:you said the mission was a success, sir.
DIRECTOR:one of the mission objectives was stealth. your carelessness revealed our intentions and made our next mission more difficult. they'll be ready for us. dismissed.
CAROLINA:think i should talk to her?
NORTH:maybe we give her a minute.
CHURCH:okay, caboose, think back. when you called command, about the special forces person, what did they say to you?
CABOOSE:they said, "this is command, we read you blue base."
CHURCH:after that.
CABOOSE:"roger. over and out."
CHURCH:before that. somewhere between those two. goodbye and hello are not the important parts of the conversation.
CABOOSE:no i know, and my name isn't even roger. although that is a very cool name. i wonder if it fits. "roger, shut up." "roger, don't put that in your mouth." "roger put that down." "roger will you please be my best friend? signed, church! p.s., your new name is the best. i like it. signed church. again."
CHURCH:what did they tell you in the middle? what did they say- i need you to focus, caboose.
CABOOSE:...
CHURCH:hugh, my- i need you to focus, roger.
CABOOSE:okay. they said that since one of our troops was hurt, and since we're outnumbered, they would send us a special agent to help us recover.
CHURCH:and they said that agent would be here...
CABOOSE:yes.
CHURCH:no, no. not- not yes. when?
CABOOSE:when i was on the call with them.
CHURCH:i mean the special agent.
CABOOSE:no, no- see the operator said that.
CHURCH:when?
CABOOSE:when i called command. how else would they tell me?
CHURCH:okay. stop stop stop stop stop stop stop, let's just, go through this step by step, okay? you called command.
CABOOSE:yes.
CHURCH:and they said they were sending a special agent.
CABOOSE:yes.
CHURCH:to our base.
CABOOSE:yes.
CHURCH:when did they say, the special agent was coming?
CABOOSE:oh right before they gave me my new nickname.
CHURCH:god dammit caboose, alright just forget it.
CABOOSE:naw- see it's roger now, remember? see i know it can be confusing sometimes, church you have to keep up.
TUCKER:hey roger, what's wrong with church?
CABOOSE:oh i don't know, he's having trouble understanding something. you know how he is with that.
DONUT:wow guys, your robot is looking great!
SARGE:thanks. i didn't even know i was good with machines. you know what they say, necessity is the mother of-
DONUT:hey sarge, can i ask you about something?
SARGE:sure, go ahead.
DONUT:um, in private?
SIMMONS:oh, sure, yu- i get it. don't want me around, that's fine, no big deal. i mean, you're not talkin' 'bout me, right? ha ha. aright, you're not talking about me?
DONUT:be right back simmons.
SIMMONS:sure you will, that's just what my dad said.
SARGE:what's up, donut?
DONUT:sarge, you ever have... you know, feelings, and stuff?
SARGE:feelings? sure, all the time. who doesn't?
DONUT:i just wanna talk to someone about some thoughts i've been having.
SARGE:thoughts- about, life and stuff?
DONUT:yeah. and you always seem so interested in the men, and how we're doing.
SARGE:well, that's my job. lay it on me. i'm all ears.
CHURCH:sheila, turn on, hey- uh, activate! uh, uh-oh, phyllis! phyllis, i command you. start!
TUCKER:what the fuck are you doing?
CHURCH:i'm trying to turn on the damn tank.
TUCKER:by yelling at it? why don't you just use the key?
CHURCH:you have keys for the tank?
TUCKER:nah, they didn't send 'em.
CHURCH:oh, thanks, you're a big help.
TUCKER:me? i'm not the one yelling at the tank. hey, the tv is on the fritz too, you wanna come inside and yell at it? maybe you could insult its mother or something.
CHURCH:i need to get the tank running before tex shows up.
TUCKER:right, the secret agent who also just happens to be your girlfriend.
CHURCH:it's, complicated.
TUCKER:and you think if you have a tank, that's gonna impress her.
CHURCH:no, i need it to defend us, in case things get a little... outta hand, with her. like i said, it's-
TUCKER:complicated?
CHURCH:yeah, complicated.
CABOOSE:i had a girlfriend once.
TUCKER:nobody cares.
CABOOSE:i met her on the internet.
TUCKER:aw, man, your girlfriend was a dude.
CABOOSE:her name was emilia. she would send me letters all the time.
TUCKER:sounds high-maintenance.
CABOOSE:letters from my family. letters about stuff i ordered online. even about investment opportunities in other countries.
TUCKER:what!? dude, i don't think your girlfriend's name was emilia. i think it was email. i'm pretty sure you fell in love with your email.
CABOOSE:she was always there for me. until i forgot our special word.
TUCKER:you mean your password.
CABOOSE:she never forgave me.
TUCKER:well then i guess you should have made out with her sister, voicemilia.
CABOOSE:oh she talked too much. and she always blinked at me.
CHURCH:aw, you stupid tank. just start.
TUCKER:dude, give it up. stop working on the tank. you can't pick up chicks in a tank anyway.
CHURCH:what?
TUCKER:actually, now that i say it out loud, i guess you could pick up chicks in a tank. well, i could, you can't. so stop messing with it.
CHURCH:i have to do something.
TUCKER:you wanna impress a girl, just listen to me. school's in session, about to start the master class. professor fuck, that's me.
GRIF:are sarge and donut still talking up there?
SIMMONS:yeah, it's been a few hours. maybe i should see if they want anything to eat.
DONUT:and don't even get me started on the design of the new armor. the lines are all wrong. and the colour palette, i mean what is this, autumn? am i right? but let's save that for another day.
SARGE:yeah...
DONUT:well, thanks for the talk, sarge.
SIMMONS:so, uh, what were you guys talkin' about?
SARGE:lots of things. feelings, mostly.
SIMMONS:that was a long talk.
SARGE:yes it was.
SIMMONS:seems like a lot of feelings.
SARGE:yes it is.
SIMMONS:well if there's anyone the troops can confide in, it's you sarge.
SARGE:simmons, i'm gonna be honest with you. i think he might have used all that up.
SIMMONS:we still have some time for me, right? i have some thoughts i've been wanting to get off my chest.
SARGE:why don't we just get back to work.
SIMMONS:back to work after our heartfelt discussion, right sir?
SARGE:you know what i'm thinking simmons? let's just put a pin in that discussion.
SIMMONS:a pin?
SARGE:or a nail; nails last longer. or one o' them railroad spikes. tell you what, let's abandon the pin metaphor all together, let's just take your idea, put it in a box, wrap that box in chains, then cover the whole thing with cement and throw it in the ocean.
SIMMONS:i'll just get back to work sir.
SARGE:now that idea i like.
WASHINGTON:it wasn't your fault, connie.
CONNIE:easy for you to say. you didn't drop the ball.
WASHINGTON:the ball got dropped. we were all there, it's everyone's responsibility.
CONNIE:dammit, why are you doing that?
WASHINGTON:what am i doing?
CONNIE:making excuses for me. i'm not, making excuses for myself. why are you.
WASHINGTON:i'm trying to make you feel better.
CONNIE:yeah? great. hey, why don't you go make carolina feel better? go pat maine on the head. see how that works out for you.
WASHINGTON:we all make mistakes.
CONNIE:no. we don't. that's the point. we don't all make mistakes. some of us very specifically make mistakes, and others don't seem to make any, mistakes at all.
WASHINGTON:connie, come on.
CONNIE:that's why they're doing all this. these missions, the rankings, they're drawing a line between us wash. and you're either on one side of that line, or you're on the other. and it's getting pretty god damn clear which side i'm on.
WASHINGTON:no-one thinks like that. we're a team.
CONNIE:i'm not, talking about you guys. i mean them. him.
WASHINGTON:the director? he's given us everything. he's helping us.
CONNIE:helping us? whake up. wake the fhuck up, he's filtering us. this is a selection process, wash. i don't know for what, but- if you're not at the top of that board, you're not worth anything to him.
WASHINGTON:you're just over-reacting. you've always been hard on yourself connie.
CONNIE:not, as hard as they are.
CONNIE:not nearly, as hard as they're going to be. and don't call me connie. makes me sound like a fucking kid. call me c.t.
CONNIE:oh and, that line i talked about? you'd better hurry up and figure out what side you're on, agent washington. before they figure it out for you.
TUCKER:alright, class is in session. students line up over here; teacher on this side.
CHURCH:i'm not doing this.
TUCKER:dude, you've got a girl coming over. you don't know what to say to her. you need my help. and the first set of lessons is free.
CHURCH:how are you qualified to teach us this stuff?
TUCKER:are you kidding me?
CHURCH:no, no i'm not kidding. how are you qualified? you talk about girls all the time, i've never seen you with one.
TUCKER:i'm- i have lots of- okay, just shut up and listen. stay quiet, and hold all your questions to the end. now before we start, does anyone have any questions?
CABOOSE:uh yes. i would like to-
TUCKER:ah ha! that was a trick question. you're supposed to hold all questions 'til the end.
CHURCH:oh yeah? why didn't you hold your trick questions until the end then?
TUCKER:the rules don't apply to me.
CABOOSE:well maybe my question was a... magic, question too.
TUCKER:yeah, abra cadabra. you're an idiot. so, we've already learned our first lesson. the rules don't apply to you. girls like a rebel, someone outside the law.
CABOOSE:like a criminal?
TUCKER:mmm, it depends on the crime. nothing with animals; see, they want someone with a free and independent spirit. something that they can crush into a raw material that can then be moulded into what they really want.
CABOOSE:what do they really want?
TUCKER:they don't know. which is why you have to tell them what they want, without actually telling them what to do.
CABOOSE:that sounds hard.
TUCKER:that's why we're doing lessons.
CABOOSE:um should i- should i be taking notes?
TUCKER:do you even know how to write?
CABOOSE:is that another trick question? can i answer it at the end?
CHURCH:getting bored here.
TUCKER:okay, then let's do some role playing. i'll give you critiques on your apporach.
CHURCH:role playing?
TUCKER:yeah. caboose, you play the girl.
CHURCH:you want caboose to be the woman?
TUCKER:dude, it's a lot bigger stretch for you to play a man, trust me.
CABOOSE:um, u- okay, what should i say?
TUCKER:just say whatever a girl would say.
CABOOSE:uh-u-okay, um, i uhh, i just really want to meet someone nice, uh you know someone to appreciates me for who i am. not so much because i'm pretty but because, they really want to get to know me because, they want to find out what my interests are and... then we can spend time exploring the world together and sharing all the wonderful things in life that make it wonderful.
TUCKER:...
CABOOSE:...
TUCKER:what? do you know girls at all? talk about how much you like shoes.
CHURCH:yeah, and about reality tv shows.
TUCKER:here, church, you start, just hit on caboose. caboose, act like you like church.
CABOOSE:i've been preparing for this role my whole life.
TUCKER:shut up. okay, church. your girlfriend just got to base, you see her, and you say...
CHURCH:uh, hey. hey there.
CABOOSE:hello! giggle! blinking eyelashes. ...puppies!
CHURCH:i ge- alright, i'm out, i can't do this.
TUCKER:don't be a baby. caboose, stop making sound effects. you're a girl now, girls can't make sound effects.
CABOOSE:quietly angry.
TUCKER:and stop narrating.
CABOOSE:okay. fine.
TUCKER:there you go, that's it. that's a girl. okay church, hit it, action.
CHURCH:uh, uh, hey. uh, what're you doing, what's up? uh, buh, what's up with what you're doing?
TUCKER:smooth. caboose?
CABOOSE:hhm, okay, uh bi-hih- i was just sitting here thinking about shoes, and celebrities that only have first names.
TUCKER:perfect.
CABOOSE:actually if you want the truth i feel like i have to say these things to make myself more appealing when i really think that i should just-
TUCKER:stop it.
CABOOSE:okay sorry, okay sorry.
TUCKER:church, say something rebellious.
CHURCH:uh, okay, i think the working class, should uprise against the, rich people.
TUCKER:i said rebellious, not revolutionary.
CHURCH:oh, okay. i drive a fast car over the speed limit. all the time.
CABOOSE:i will go with you anywhere.
TUCKER:see? it's easy!
SIMMONS:euh, there. man, that safety switch was hard to bolt on. probably should've gotten a bigger one.
DONUT:it's not how big the switch is, simmons; it's how you flip it.
SIMMONS:donut, shut up!
SARGE:alright, robot's all done. time to fire it up! let's hit the old power button. who wants to do the honors? grif?
GRIF:meh.
SARGE:well said. donut?
DONUT:sorry, just clear-coated my nails. i'm not chipping one of these babies.
SARGE:alright, simmons?
SIMMONS:i-d-i- it would be an honor, sir. uh, that is, if you're sure you don't wanna do it.
SARGE:now that you mention it, it does sound kinda fun. i always did like pushing things.
SIMMONS:oh... okay.
DONUT:hey sarge, what's this robot gonna do for us anyway?
SARGE:oh you know, the usual robot stuff: math we don't wanna do-
SIMMONS:right, like that exists.
SARGE:menial tasks like, maintaining the vehicle-
SIMMONS:maintenance is crucial.
SARGE:organization-
SIMMONS:hm, maybe i should make a list of all the robot's duties.
SARGE:and basically any task that no-one wants to do or is part of anyone's official job description.
SIMMONS:additional work? what you mean like extra credit? no-one told me there was extra credit. what is it. i'll do it.
DONUT:hey simmons, sounds like this robot is going to be doing all the jobs you do.
SIMMONS:heh heh heh... yeahh.
DONUT:well don't worry. i'm sure sarge will find some other responsibilities for ya. right sarge?
SARGE:...
DONUT:sarge?
SARGE:huh? oh right. one of the robot's functions is to answer awkward questions that i don't want to. better turn him on. here we go, let me just get this panel up. make some specific noise and then drop it on the ground...
SARGE:holy guacamole!
SIMMONS:gaaaah, another earthquake! everyone institute emergency plan! hold on a second let me put on my marshall's vest. everyone just remain calm, whatever you do don't-
SIMMONS:panic.
DONUT:looks like the earthquake stopped.
SIMMONS:yeah.
DONUT:you're just disappointed that no-one got to use the emergency plan, aren't you simmons.
SIMMONS:sorta.
DONUT:aw, there there, don't feel bad. no-one's read it anyway.
SIMMONS:oh. that's a relief.
LOPEZ:hola. me llamo lopez. gracias por la activacion de mi.
DONUT:ooh-hoo, robot's on!
LOPEZ:como estas?
SIMMONS:uhh, is he speaking spanish?
DONUT:sounds like it.
SIMMONS:maybe the quake messed something up when you activated him, sarge. could be a polarity issue...
SARGE:actually i ordered the espanol speech unit on purpose.
SIMMONS:you did?
SARGE:yeah. i thought if we had a little multiculturalism around here, we could all learn spanish together. get closer as a unit.
DONUT:speaking of getting our units closer-
SIMMONS:not now donut. seems inconvenient sarge.
SARGE:yeah it does. don't know what the hell i was thinkin'. seems really outta character for me.
LOPEZ:alarma! alarma! terremoto! alarma! alarma! terremoto! alarma!
DONUT:hey, look simmons! he's already doing your job!
SIMMONS:great.
DONUT:want me to get your vest?
TUCKER:whoa, there's another quake.
CHURCH:yup.
TUCKER:you don't seem too worried.
CHURCH:no i'm not. because i know all this, isn't real.
TUCKER:not real? you mean not real like your fake girlfriend?
CHURCH:my g- no no no, my girlfriend is real, it's the world that's fake. yknow, everything in it.
CABOOSE:aaearthquake!
CHURCH:that was ten seconds ago. man, you really need to get your reflexes checked.
CABOOSE:maybe i was just early for the next one. now you'll be ready for when it happens.
CHURCH:oh shut up.
CABOOSE:meteor.
TUCKER:so everything in the world is fake, except your girlfriend.
CHURCH:right.
TUCKER:who's in the world.
CHURCH:yes.
TUCKER:where everything is fake.
CHURCH:correct.
CABOOSE:well i am following all of this as well as i follow everything else.
CHURCH:you see, all this, see- okay, we're just, inside a memory unit. which is sitting in a snowbank, somewhere in the world. the real world.
TUCKER:a snowbank?
CHURCH:right, and that memory unit is dying, so, we're feeling all these like you know, little quakes and stuff.
TUCKER:if we're in a snowbank, why isn't it cold?
CHURCH:i don't know, it, it- it doesn't work like that it's, it's like being inside of a snowglobe.
TUCKER:yeah, but a snowglobe has snow in it.
CABOOSE:i thought it was a globe made of snow.
CHURCH:hugh, you're not getting it- okay, try to think of it as like, uhh... it's like a diorama.
CABOOSE:ah yes, cafeteria for dinosaurs.
CHURCH:shut up caboose.
CABOOSE:thai food.
TUCKER:so this memory snowbank thing: it's just sitting there, and we're inside it doing all this stuff. why?
CHURCH:i don't know, i- i guess it's so that i can, you know, figure out about tex and... what i'm supposed to do. and if i can't figure it out well, then i just need to... move on to the next memory unit i guess.
TUCKER:rihight. and that's about finding those freelancer guys you talked about before.
CHURCH:exactly.
TUCKER:and going on some big adventure with them and finding the snow memory.
CHURCH:memory unit.
TUCKER:whatever, and then going into it.
CHURCH:yes.
TUCKER:even though we're already inside it.
CHURCH:and so on, and so forth.
TUCKER:and so on and so on, until what happens?
CHURCH:i-i don't know, if i knew that i could stop already.
TUCKER:and we have to do all that before the memory unit laying in the snow, dies, and we're all crushed by falling rocks.
TUCKER:good timing.
CHURCH:yeah it was.
CABOOSE:well if only there had been some type of warning system in place.
TUCKER:okay, i think it all makes sense now.
CHURCH:uh, good, i'm glad.
TUCKER:dude, that was a fucking joke, i have no clue what's up.
CHURCH:you know, it doesn't seem that hard to me man.
TUCKER:i know one way to check: hey caboose, explain what's going on. recap for us.
CABOOSE:we're going to eat lunch with dinosaurs.
TUCKER:yep, perfect sense.
CABOOSE:i'm going to eat a giant egg!
CHURCH:hi, i'm private church from the popular web series, red vs. blue.
SARGE:and i'm sarge, from the same show.
SARGE:you know, back in my day, multiplayer gaming used to be a little different.
CHURCH:you know in the modern days of gaming, you don't even have to know a single person to get together an awesome match.
SARGE:however at some point in your life, you'll find yourself sitting down on a couch, next to some other people for some good ol' fashioned gamin'.
CHURCH:and these in-person encounters can be rather awkward, if you're not prepared.
SARGE:that's why we would like to present our handy guide, to gamer etiquette.
CHURCH:the place where you are most likely to run into problems, is the dreaded controller handoff.
SARGE:when your friend hands you a controller, you are likely to run into a few possible problems. the first being what's known as, the hot'n'wettys.
CHURCH:intense gaming can produce higher heart rates, and thus, higher body temperatures.
SARGE:and thus sloppy sweaty palms preheating your controller into a steamy moist mush factory.
CHURCH:this may be a level of intimacy for which you are unprepared.
SARGE:to protect yourself, we recommend packing a set of fingerless gloves to any lan party. they're fashionable, and they leave your fingers free for successful fragging.
CHURCH:and more importantly to prevent the unwanted transfer of human warmth from your friend, to you, thus fuelling your body using his metabolic process, which when you think about it, is kind of gross.
SARGE:when you say it like that, it is gross.
CHURCH:and also so you don't have a situation where you get covered in your friend's moist hand slime.
SARGE:also it's possible that your friend will let you borrow their own controller to play the game. this may also cause an, unfortunate situation.
CHURCH:the existence of shitty, third-party controllers means that your friend will be faced with a choice. he can give you the nice first-party controller...
SARGE:or he can saddle you with the extra small controller made of some kind of plastic/paper hybrid, with four triggers and rhythm game attachments.
CHURCH:but even in a situation where the controllers are the same and equally as good, you can still encounter some uncomfortable situations.
SARGE:the worst of the scenarios, is the dreaded inversion discovery.
CHURCH:for instance let's just say you like your controllers to be the normal setting, where up is up and down is down.
SARGE:and why wouldn't you?
CHURCH:sarge, we're not here to pass judgment. but let's just say your friend, prefers an inverted controller scheme, where down is up, and up is down.
SARGE:what is with some people?
CHURCH:sarge... now, discovering that your friend prefers the opposite controller scheme, can be one of the strongest tests of any friendship.
SARGE:it may cause you to question everything you know about the person. how could they think in this backward manner? are they retarded? do i know anything about them at all? are they retarded?
CHURCH:the important thing, is to not react too quickly. ...this is no good for anyone.
SARGE:try to take some time, and contemplate what you've learned about your friend, and yourself. maybe the way you've looked at the world has been wrong all this time.
CHURCH:who knows, maybe you'll find that a inverted controller just makes sense. i mean, that's how planes work, right?
SARGE:most games aren't flying games though. what about driving games?
CHURCH:driving games don't have an up and down.
SARGE:yeah, but they could.
CHURCH:then they would be flying games!
SARGE:what about fpses? you don't look up in real life to look down.
CHURCH:you don't use a controller in real life!
SARGE:shut up blue.
CHURCH:oh hey sarge? this is for you. check it out buddy.
SARGE:ah, flipping me off, huh? why didn't you point your finger down? that would make more sense! hah!
CHURCH:oh shut up.
SARGE:you know caboose, people are constantly writing us email here at red vs. blue.
CABOOSE:yeah, i know, i got one today. what, what did, what did it say again?
SARGE:one of the most common emails is for us to put red vs blue character voices, in firefight.
CABOOSE:right. firefight. that was an email.
SARGE:but we don't have any control over the voices in firefight.
CABOOSE:no, but the email said we could do some-thing...
SARGE:there's really no way to change that. unless, you know they just, send us into firefight or something crazy like that.
VOICE:firefight.
CABOOSE:oh, i just remembered what the email said.
SARGE:what the-
VOICE:covenant forces inbound. defend this zone. set start.
CHURCH:alright let's go bitch!
CHURCH:dammit. come on... oh what's up little guy-
CHURCH:dammit! dammit! oh come on!
CHURCH:take that- dammit!
CHURCH:that's still a sniper kill. i used the sniper rifle. that still counts. where- come on there, come here.
CHURCH:oh my god did you see that? i stuck him! that was awesome.
CHURCH:what does this thing do, laser beam? oh wow, painted it red. woohoo!
CHURCH:whoa! this weapon is awesome! hey tucker, come here, see how many guys i killed with the sniper rifle.
CHURCH:oh come on, what am i fighting spaceships now? that's bullshit.
CHURCH:hurk- blah.
SARGE:someone really needs to improve the range of this weapon. take that, take that! come closer and take that! alright fine, just take this
SARGE:there we go! plus range. this works better. i love that so many of these guys are orange. makes them so enjoyable to kill! blue blood? huh, great. now the only thing i hate more than aliens is their blood! what a dilemma. wonder if i could kill their blood.
VOICE:killing spree!
DOC:i haven't had a killing spree since my last residency.
O'MALLEY:shut up, you work in a free clinic. hua huhh, huh.
DOC:oh little guy, calm down just relax. deep breaths, okay?
O'MALLEY:how 'bout deep bullets. in through the eye, out through the cerebral cortex!
DOC:o'malley, that's not very nice.
O'MALLEY:shut up. it's the appropriate amount of nice.
DOC:mahan, so much aggression. you'd think invading other planets would be good stress relief.
O'MALLEY:taste oblivion! muahahahaah.
VOICE:overkill.
DOC:overkill! isn't it great when you do things together? so much more fun.
O'MALLEY:quiet, wet nurse. puh.
O'MALLEY:yes, line up you fools. welcome to your doom, hahaha!
DOC:great team effort everyone.
SIMMONS:i'll gun.
GRIF:oh god this sucks!
SIMMONS:hurry up, get in the jeep and drive!
GRIF:don't tell me what to do!
SIMMONS:aha, slow down! sixty-five percent of traffic fatalities are from excessive speed.
GRIF:simmons this is not the time, stop backseat driving!
SIMMONS:dude, start it, turn it over!
GRIF:obviously, i'm trying!
SIMMONS:who knew grunts were so scary when there're so many of them.
SIMMONS:yeah, suck it, take that! ah, it didn't work! retreat!
SIMMONS:and around the tree trunk, through the canopy, bring the tree down. yeahah, sarge would be proud.
CABOOSE:deek deek deek, i have a tank. deek dadeek deek deek i have a tank.
CABOOSE:driving, driving, busy busy. sorry, that's not my fault someone put your body in my way. hey do you guys need a ride? oh, no- sorry, sorry.
CABOOSE:here i will make everyone better. free grenades, everyone gets one!
VOICE:overkill!
CABOOSE:don't stop killing, this is just a mistake. oh, oh how 'bout you guys, do you want free grenades too? don't worry they are free. and, sticky! you can have the last one! no- no, no no ple-
CABOOSE:ow.
VOICE:game over.
CABOOSE:is the game over? can uh someone put in another quarter please?
LOPEZ:estos terremotos parecen estar a peornado.
CAPTION:these earthquakes seem to be getting worse.
SARGE:good point lopez. i don't understand what you said, but you presented it in such a confident manner that it must be right.
GRIF:man, that new robot really seems to be fitting in around here.
SIMMONS:yeah. i noticed.
GRIF:he's pretty popular.
SIMMONS:awesome.
DONUT:yeah, even though no-one understands him, people seem to really wanna get past the rough robotic exterior, and get to know the inner lopez.
SIMMONS:sooooo happy for him.
DONUT:me too. wait, was that sarcastic?
GRIF:yeah dude, i have to admit, that one was off the charts even for my sarcastic meter.
LOPEZ:he notado un patrn en la activada ssmica.
CAPTION:i have noticed a pattern in the seismic activity.
LOPEZ:se necesita ms estudio.
CAPTION:it needs further study.
SARGE:ha ha ha ha, oooh, good one lopez. man, you are a riot.
LOPEZ:no, usted no me entiende.
CAPTION:no, you don't understand me.
GRIF:haheheheha. man, all that, and the guy's a comedian. god, i wish my sidekick could be funny like that. what's your problem simmons?
SIMMONS:what- you don't even know what he said. how could he be funny?
GRIF:whatever, i guess you just had to be there.
SIMMONS:i was right here!
LOPEZ:tengo acceso a los siguientos equipos:
CAPTION:stop laughing. i need access to the following equipment:
LOPEZ:sismgrafo, sismgrafo avanzada...
CAPTION:seismograph, advanced seismograph...
SARGE:alright, nice chattin' with you lopez, now enough jokes. get back to work polishin' stuff. stuff's not gonna polish itself, you know?
LOPEZ:aqu todo el mundo est en peligro.
CAPTION:everyone here is in danger.
LOPEZ:tiennes que escuchar me.
CAPTION:you need to listen to me.
SARGE:heh heh, well okay, one last joke. but that was it! now seriously, back to work.
DONUT:hah hah hah, i just got that one too. boy, he really makes you think.
GRIF:it's like he's saying what we're all thinking, but in spanish.
SIMMONS:you guys are idiots. i'll show you who's likeable and funny. and who people like.
DONUT:huh, what's wrong with simmons?
GRIF:huh? eu- i don't care. hey, donut- let's go hang out with lopez.
DONUT:great idea!
SIMMONS:i'll show them. yeah i'll show them good.
CHURCH:yno- okay okay, it's like when a computer tries to solve a problem. do you know what recursion, is?
CABOOSE:yeah i, i love that movie.
CHURCH:no no it's like, it's like the thing where a computer tries a number of different iterations to solve a problem, then when it gets to the end, it returns all those solutions back up the line to the first iteration, and then it has its solution. does that make sense?
TUCKER:you're saying you're a computer.
CHURCH:no no no, no, actua- well actually yes, yeah sort of i'm actually, i am, a computer, kind of i'm, well i'm a computer program.
TUCKER:but your foot is bleeding.
CABOOSE:and your breath kinda stinks. you know i, i wasn't gonna say anything before but you know since we're, all telling the truth about each other...
TUCKER:caboose you're an idiot.
CABOOSE:well i didn't realize how much words could hurt until it was my turn. i don't think i wanna play this honesty game any more.
CHURCH:no i- i'm a real person in here because this is all constructed. by memories of the person that i'm based on. same as me - i'm all the memories of that guy.
TUCKER:who is that?
CHURCH:it's another program called alpha who is, kind of a dick. and he was based on a guy named the director. who was, also, kind of a dick.
TUCKER:well, i can see you're continuing with grand tradition.
CHURCH:yeah, i'm very proud.
TUCKER:it's quite a lineage.
CABOOSE:i grew up on a moon.
CHURCH AND  TUCKER:nobody cares.
CABOOSE:you're all just jealous.
TUCKER:and this girl who's coming is that original guy's girlfriend.
CHURCH:yeah i think i don't remember exactly.
TUCKER:i thought you were that guy's memory?
CHURCH:no i'm the other guy's memory, the middle one.
CABOOSE:did he have a girlfriend?
CHURCH:no- wait. e- maybe.
TUCKER:dude, i don't know how any of you got any girlfriends spouting all this sci-fi bullshit. you guys ever talk about football for god's sakes?
CHURCH:look, i just know i'm supposed to meet this girl, and i'm supposed to fall in love.
CABOOSE:yeah, and then what happened?
CHURCH:i don't know! we, we do whatever people do when they fall in love.
CABOOSE:i'm asking a specific question; you should give me a specific answer.
CHURCH:what are you taking notes?
CABOOSE:no. ...maybe.
CHURCH:my job, is to solve this problem, or pass it along. that's it.
TUCKER:so you follow this girl down through the levels of the memory iterations, and you basically try to figure out how to make things work. even though she doesn't like you.
CHURCH:she likes me she's just sh- you know-
CABOOSE:mean.
CHURCH:yeah, thanks caboose. she's mean.
CABOOSE:yeah it was an easy guess. you know 'cause all girls are pretty much mean.
TUCKER:can i just say, this might be, the creepiest stalker scenario i've ever heard. and i've made a few myself.
CHURCH:what?!
TUCKER:you kiss a dead girl through a memory, and every time she escapes you, you either follow her down to the next set of memories, or resurrect her in some way. only to do it all over again.
CHURCH:that's not stalkerish that's... romantic.
TUCKER:you know what the difference between stalking and romance is? romance happens in movies. in real life, it's called stalking.
CABOOSE:well maybe all of this is happening inside of a movie.
TUCKER:tc, oh please, who the fuck would watch that movie? all we ever do is stand around and talk.
TUCKER:hey you dropped your grenade.
CHURCH:that's not mine. caboose, pick that up.
CABOOSE:i'm not allowed to carry grenades, remember? because of that one exploding time?
CABOOSE:which was no one's fault.
CHURCH:well i didn't drop it. tucker, count yours.
TUCKER:i have a readout on my helmet dummy, i don't need to count.
CHURCH:oh right. well it has to be somebody's.
TUCKER:fuck, somebody threw a grenade at us, didn't they.
CHURCH:yeah, we probably should have figured that out sooner, right?
EVERYONE:aah!
NORTH:hey wash, wait up. listen, i heard you had a meeting with internals.
WASHINGTON:oh, you did?
NORTH:yeah, do you mind if i ask what it was about?
WASHINGTON:hm, not really supposed to talk about that.
NORTH:help me out here... i'm still getting heat about using equipment in the field.
WASHINGTON:you did? really? without a pipeline back to the command server?
NORTH:i had to improvise. we had a problem.
WASHINGTON:let me guess, are you related to the problem?
NORTH:okay, now i don't wanna talk about it.
WASHINGTON:equipment in the field. y'know don't forget what happened to utah during training, you're lucky it didn't kill you.
NORTH:if i was lucky, i wouldn't have needed to use it at all.
WASHINGTON:well, you can relax. internals didn't ask about you.
WASHINGTON:it was something else, lots of questions about the insurrection and, transmissions coming out of our-
SOLDIER:sorry sir.
WASHINGTON:hey, what's going on? soldier, where is everybody running?
SOLDIER:new agent, squaring of against maine, wyoming and york on the training room floor. we're going to watch! hey guys, wait up!
NORTH:three on one?
FILSS:five, four...
WASHINGTON:i gotta see this.
FILSS:three...
NORTH:yeah, right behind you.
FILSS:two, one, round begin
NORTH:hey wash, wait up. listen, i heard you had a meeting with internals.
WASHINGTON:oh, you did?
NORTH:yeah, do you mind if i ask what it was about?
WASHINGTON:hm, not really supposed to talk about that.
NORTH:help me out here... i'm still getting heat about using equipment in the field.
WASHINGTON:you did? really? without a pipeline back to the command server?
NORTH:i had to improvise. we had a problem.
WASHINGTON:let me guess, are you related to the problem?
NORTH:okay, now i don't wanna talk about it.
WASHINGTON:equipment in the field. y'know don't forget what happened to utah during training, you're lucky it didn't kill you.
NORTH:if i was lucky, i wouldn't have needed to use it at all.
WASHINGTON:well, you can relax. internals didn't ask about you.
WASHINGTON:it was something else, lots of questions about the insurrection and, transmissions coming out of our-
SOLDIER:sorry sir.
WASHINGTON:hey, what's going on? soldier, where is everybody running?
SOLDIER:new agent, squaring of against maine, wyoming and york on the training room floor. we're going to watch! hey guys, wait up!
NORTH:three on one?
FILSS:five, four...
WASHINGTON:i gotta see this.
FILSS:three...
NORTH:yeah, right behind you.
FILSS:two, one, round begin
CAROLINA:what's going on down there? there's no training sessions on the schedule.
SOUTH:it's impromptu.
CAROLINA:who the hell is that?
SOUTH:some new recruit.
WASHINGTON:wow. he sure doesn't move like he's a recruit.
SOUTH:why do you assume it's a guy? she's a girl.
WASHINGTON:oh- i didn't really mean that he... i mean it... oh da-da- i mean her... i-
SOUTH:right.
WASHINGTON:sorry.
SOUTH:just shut up.
CAROLINA:both of you, can it.
SOUTH:i think someone might be a little concerned about their position.
CAROLINA:hey south, pay attention. you might actually learn something if you stop running your mouth for a minute.
FILSS:round one, over. pugilsticks training complete. point awarded, to texas. the current score is team 1, zero points, texas, one point.
WASHINGTON:texas, huh?
CAROLINA:i thought that name was reserved.
WASHINGTON:nice moves.
CAROLINA:could be luck. we'll see.
FILSS:advantage, texas. beginning hand to hand combat. round two in five, four, three, two, one, round begin.
YORK:okay guys, this one should be easy. let's just play it by the book. maine, how 'bout you flank left, and then-
YORK:or you could just charge in and get immobilized first. okay, wyoming, let's stick together and-
YORK:what's the story, am i the only one on this team that knows how to talk?
TEX:i don't think talking's your problem.
YORK:oh no!-
WASHINGTON:wow!
NORTH:hoh-okay, that was pretty impressive.
YORK:okay guys, that obviously didn't work so well. how 'bout this time we stay in formation, and instead of li-
YORK:dammit. can't believe i actually volunteered for this crap.
FILSS:round over. point texas. hand to hand combat complete. now resetting the floor, for lockdown paint scenario.
WASHINGTON:ah... i hate that paint.
SOUTH:tell me about it. it stings like a bitch.
NORTH:turns your armor hard as a rock.
CAROLINA:i wouldn't know. it's not bad if you don't let it hit you.
WASHINGTON:thanks. i'll try to remember that.
FILSS:round three in five, four, three, two, one, round begin.
YORK:maine, maine- look, i'm gonna move left, you go-
YORK:or you just run out and do whatever you want and then get killed. ready, break.
YORK:good job everybody.
YORK:oh man it's gonna be a long day.
FILSS:point texas.
YORK:hey... wyoming... hey, where is he, can you see him?
YORK:you know what? never mind man, i think i figured it out.
FILSS:point texas.
FILSS:another point for texas.
FILSS:after eight rounds, the score is zero-eight, advantage texas.
YORK:yeah 'advantage' is the right word, filss.
FILSS:round nine begins in five...
YORK:hey, what the hell are you guys doing?
FILSS:four, three, two, one, round nine begin.
WASHINGTON:what? are they using live rounds on the training floor?
C.T.:looks like it.
WASHINGTON:that's against protocol, they're going to kill her!
C.T.:probably.
WASHINGTON:someone should get the director.
C.T.:the director? who do you think gave them the ammo?
CAROLINA:watch your mouth c.t.
YORK:back off man.
YORK:enough of this.
YORK:look out! hey, i'm trying to help.
TEX:i don't need your help. never abandon your team.
YORK:hey, don't-
TEX:hey!
YORK:ah!
SOLDIER:shit!
WASHINGTON:dammit, those maniacs!
SOLDIER:look what those fuckers are doing!
CAROLINA:filss, we need a medic to the training floor stat.
FILSS:medical team en route. please remain calm.
CAROLINA:york, york!
TEX:hey!
YORK:ah!
SOLDIER:shit!
WASHINGTON:dammit, those maniacs!
SOLDIER:look what those fuckers are doing!
CAROLINA:filss, we need a medic to the training floor stat.
FILSS:medical team en route. please remain calm.
CAROLINA:york, york! get over here now!
YORK:ouhhh...
WASHINGTON:is he gonna be okay?
CAROLINA:come on york, hang in there.
SOUTH:can't believe she did that to him.
MAINE:get off me!
SOUTH:shot his armor, sacrificed him.
WASHINGTON:lockdown hardens the armor. she probably saved his life.
NORTH:quick thinking.
CAROLINA:yeah. really quick.
DIRECTOR:everyone! stand down, now!
DIRECTOR:you should be ashamed o' yourselves. i expect you to act as a team.
WASHINGTON:they used live ammunition on the floor, sir, that's against regulations.
DIRECTOR:do you think our enemies will care about regulations on the battlefield, agent washington?
WASHINGTON:so, y- you're not punishing them?
DIRECTOR:ingenuity, and adaptability, are admirable traits.
DIRECTOR:you should all learn something from this. dismissed.
C.T.:yeah. we should've learned something, alright.
WASHINGTON:i can't believe this!
C.T.:don't forget to check your place on that list, wash.
TEX:don't touch me.
CAROLINA:interesting.
CHURCH:ow what the hell was that!? i can't see anything! tucker where are you? caboose are you dead? i hope so.
TUCKER:ow, what was that?
CHURCH:i think it was a flashbang, i can't see.
CABOOSE:what?
TUCKER:well it's a good name because it definitely went flash and bang.
CABOOSE:what?
CHURCH:oh my god, are we under attack? is it the reds?
TUCKER:i don't know, i can't see anything either. my mother always said i would go blind, but for a totally different reason.
CABOOSE:what?
CHURCH:caboose, stop saying 'what.' you can't hear.
CABOOSE:can of beer? but this is not the time!
CHURCH:you're deaf.
CABOOSE:oh no! i had so much to live for!
TUCKER:no you didn't!
TUCKER:what was that, something just hit me!
CHURCH:something just hit me too.
TUCKER:is it another grenade?
CHURCH:we're under attack! open fire!
TUCKER:ah, get some!
CHURCH:take that fuckers!
TEX:what a buncha idiots.
LOPEZ:que la gente imperiar dejar que me investigue
CAPTION:you people should let me investigate
LOPEZ:este formueno ssmico.
CAPTION:this seismic phenomenon.
GRIF:hyeah, okay buddy, whatever you say. hey, you missed a spot.
LOPEZ:por lo menos todos vamos a morir con un vehculo limpio.
CAPTION:at least we'll all die with a clean vehicle.
GRIF:heh hehh, you said it, now come on, chop-chop back to work buddy. let's hear the less talk i don't understand, and see more work i don't wanna do.
SARGE:how's it goin' out here?
GRIF:great, the jeep has never been so clean.
SARGE:that's because you're not the one cleaning it.
GRIF:good point. you know sarge, all this time the laziness in me, it's been really underutilized. i never reached my full potential. i just realized, i should be in management!
SARGE:you do seem like a natural.
GRIF:h-it's the best job ever. you just tell people what to do, and they do it! and if you don't have anything for 'em to do, you just tell them to do something they did before, but do it better this time. i've got it all figured out.
SARGE:how 'bout you get busy helping with that jeep then?
GRIF:i'm sorry, what? i'm on break.
SIMMONS:come in, lopez. lopez, come in. this is a secure channel.
LOPEZ:le le.
CAPTION:i read you.
SIMMONS:this is flying eagle. i have a secret mission for you.
LOPEZ:vuelo del guila?
CAPTION:flying eagle?
SIMMONS:actually it's simmons, we're using codenames on this mission lopez. because it's top secret.
LOPEZ:por qu no puedo obtener un nombre on clase?
CAPTION:why don't i get a code name then?
SIMMONS:i need you to come to the cave, and investigate something. it's top secret. don't tell sarge, or grif, or donut. or anyone else i didn't mention.
LOPEZ:usted podria tenir solo dijo
CAPTION:you could have just said "don't tell anyone"
LOPEZ:no le digas a mari.
CAPTION:that would have been much faster.
SIMMONS:okay. see you in the cave. come alone, and unarmed. you can also come in with your eyes closed if you want. for secrets.
LOPEZ:esto parece sospechoso.
CAPTION:this seems suspicious.
LOPEZ:tanbien mis ojos se apagada.
CAPTION:also my eyes don't close. they turn off.
SIMMONS:yes, it is an honor to be selected. you are right. flying eagle, out.
LOPEZ:por qu me enviaron a esta unidad?
CAPTION:why was i shipped to this unit?
LOPEZ:vuelo del guila? est aqu?
CAPTION:flying eagle? are you in here?
SIMMONS:down here, lopez.
SIMMONS:this is the perfect plan. lopez will walk into the water which i've electrified using a, this battery, and b, my incredible knowledge of how batteries work. the resulting shock will short him out, and all the guys will see that i'm the funny smart one who's good at math and not having emotions. they'll see.
LOPEZ:ola.
CAPTION:hello.
SIMMONS:ohh, hi lopez. i was just down here investigating our mission. heeey, why don't you come over here, through that big puddle?
LOPEZ:no. le he odo decir que electrifada que.
CAPTION:no. i heard you say that you electrified it.
LOPEZ:nos tengo me idea porqu los humanos necesitan
CAPTION:i have no idea why humans need to speak
LOPEZ:para hoblar vos alta cuando piensan.
CAPTION:outloud when they think.
SIMMONS:come onn, over heere.
LOPEZ:no. usted est tratando de daos.
CAPTION:no. you are trying to damage me.
SIMMONS:seriously, this way. just walk into that puddle. i mean the regular puddle- the one that's not you know- hahh, you know what? just forget i mentioned the puddle. no puddle there, that's dry. optical illusion.
LOPEZ:que soy muy malos en esto.
CAPTION:you are very bad at this.
SIMMONS:please, come on.
LOPEZ:me lleme tar atar la huerta. veo de otra manera.
CAPTION:i will just go around. i see another way in.
SIMMONS:what? nooo! wait!
LOPEZ:dios mio. dame un respiro.
CAPTION:oh lord. give me a break.
SIMMONS:ough... what happened?
LOPEZ:ola.
CAPTION:hello.
SIMMONS:what? am i dead? i see my body, am i in heaven?
LOPEZ:estoy tomando su lugar el equipo rojo.
CAPTION:i am taking your place on red team.
SIMMONS:heugh, why is my body speaking spanish? ...oh no. did i go to mexican heaven by mistake? that's like white people hell!
LOPEZ:no. reemplazar usted es la nica manera de que
CAPTION:no. replacing you is the only way i can get
LOPEZ:pueda tena acceso el equipo.
CAPTION:access to the equipment i need to research these quakes.
SIMMONS:i knew it, you just wanted to become super popular so you could take my place.
LOPEZ:yo no debera que ser super popular para hacer que.
CAPTION:i wouldn't need to be super popular to do that.
SIMMONS:you're gonna regret this, lopez.
LOPEZ:no veo cmo.
CAPTION:i don't see how.
SIMMONS:well i'll regret this!.
LOPEZ:que ni siquiera tiene sentido!
CAPTION:that didn't even make sense!
SARGE:i still don't understand, how does more breaks make us more efficient?
GRIF:it's simple, if we have less hours to do work, we get more done in less time.
GRIF:it's all ratios.
LOPEZ:...ola.
CAPTION:...hello.
SARGE:simmons, where in sam hell have you been?
LOPEZ:cueva...estudio.
CAPTION:cave...study.
GRIF:you sound weird.
SARGE:yeah, almost like you're speakin' a foreign language. but he's speaking very slowly and clearly, so i understand what he means.
GRIF:me too.
SARGE:what've you been up to?
LOPEZ:las cosas humanas, como de costumbre unar
CAPTION:oh you know. the usual human things like: urinating
LOPEZ:y tener problemas de matemticas mal si no razn alguna.
CAPTION:and getting math problems wrong for no reason.
GRIF:sounds boring.
SARGE:didn't understand that one.
GRIF:me neither, but boring is always a safe bet with simmons.
SARGE:good point.
LOPEZ:le riguero mi discuple.
CAPTION:please excuse me.
LOPEZ:tengo que ver elguanos equipos.
CAPTION:i need to check out some equipment.
GRIF:okay. bye simmons.
SARGE:good luck on whatever you're doing!
LOPEZ:gracias.
CAPTION:thank you.
CHURCH:oh, man. instead of a big white blur now everything's just a big black blur.
TUCKER:man, my head should only hurt this much if i had a lot more fun the night before.
CABOOSE:what!
TUCKER:ow caboose stop yelling. someone give me an aspirin.
TEX:you guys are babies.
CHURCH:babies? you chucked a grenade at us you stupid bitch, what do you expect?
TEX:hey, there's a big difference between a flashbang, and a grenade.
TUCKER:it doesn't seem like it.
TEX:well, if i threw a grenade at you, i wouldn't have to have this stupid conversation right now, i would just be stepping over some disgusting puddles.
TUCKER:this is your girlfriend i take it?
CHURCH:oh, yeah, tucker, tex, tex tucker, eh deryago.
TUCKER:'sup.
TEX:hello.
CABOOSE:are people meeting other people? i want to meet people.
TUCKER:no you don't. and stop yelling.
CABOOSE:it's nice to meet you mister yelling!
CHURCH:now- why would you attack us, weren't you coming all the way out here to help us?
TEX:hey i needed to evaluate the situation. i heard someone was dead, i show up here and three idiots are standing around arguing. i'm not walkin' into that blind.
TUCKER:so you made us blind.
TEX:oh, boohoo. it's not lethal.
CHURCH:so what, that's what that's supposed to make us feel better? a kick in the balls would be non-lethal too.
TEX:that depends on who does the kicking.
TUCKER:is that a threat?
TEX:heh, how 'bout we just call it an experiment. see what happens.
TUCKER:how 'bout we agree to disagree.
TEX:good idea. so. who's dead.
TUCKER:oh, nobody; we just made a mistake. we thought-
CHURCH:aghuh, we thought we should bury our dead teammate and then take his name off the roster, so that no-one could prove he was never here.
TUCKER:we did?
CHURCH:yes. because that's what she is here to investigate, tucker. and if that guy didn't exist, why would she stick around?
TUCKER:oh, right. yeah. i thought she meant some other non-existent guy, who didn't die. not that one guy who did die.
TEX:whoa whoa whoa, wai- why did you remove him from the roster?
CHURCH:uhh, i don't know, seemed appropriate at the time. you know it's like a respect thing.
TEX:what was his name?
CHURCH:anderson-
TUCKER:smith.
TEX:well was it anderson, or smith?
CHURCH:uh, andersmith. private andersmith.
TEX:andersmith?
CABOOSE:oh, mister ander-smith. i'll always miss you, you were too young to die.
TUCKER:yeah he was like ten seconds old.
CHURCH:shut up, tucker.
DONUT:hey grif, have you seen simmons?
GRIF:yeah, we're working on some equipment together.
DONUT:together?
GRIF:yeah, he went up the hill, he said he needed my help, so i said "no problem, i'll be there in a few minutes."
DONUT:when was that?
GRIF:about five hours ago.
DONUT:oh. so how's the project going?
GRIF:well, he hasn't asked for help again, which means i haven't had to think of a new excuse so, i'd say it's going great!
DONUT:what's he doing?
GRIF:i don't know. he's got some new toys or something up there, i guess he's testing them out.
DONUT:toys?
GRIF:yeah.
DONUT:toys is a broad term, grif. it could mean a lot of things.
GRIF:gadgets.
DONUT:go on.
GRIF:electronic devices?
DONUT:i think i'll go check this out for myself.
GRIF:you do that.
SIMMONS:if i could just wriggle free a, little, maybe i could, loosen, this- there, i'm free. now to take my place on red team again. man, lopez was right, i do say my thoughts out loud a lot. i wonder why i do that. i'm still doing it - i really should try to stop. okay that was the last one. hey i did it- no i mean-
TEX:command, do you read me. this is freelancer tex reporting in.
VIC:roger that sinorita, we read you loud and clearita, how you doin'?
CHURCH:okay, i just need to make sure she sticks around for a little while, you know so i can talk to her a little bit more. and investigating this dead guy, is gonna be a good distraction for her.
TUCKER:it doesn't bother you that you made up a guy outta nowhere, and then killed that guy, just to have a chance to talk to your girlfriend?
CHURCH:no no no, it's like a ne- tingbu- whatever you call it, it's even. you know he didn't exist before, and he doesn't exist now. no harm no foul. right?
TUCKER:dude, you've seriously gotta look into this stalker thing.
CABOOSE:i miss him.
CHURCH:you miss who?
CABOOSE:andersmith. he's a reminder of how close we all are just to not being here one day.
TUCKER:he wasn't here any days idiot, he doesn't exist!
CABOOSE:awh- how could you say that, don't you believe in the afterlife?
CHURCH:what? afterlife implies life, at some point. he didn't have one.
CABOOSE:because he was so young. he had hopes and dreams.
CHURCH:he was, a dream.
CABOOSE:yes he was. to all of us who knew him.
TUCKER:okay i'm actually less worried about you now, and i'm more worried about caboose.
CHURCH:caboose, he didn't exist. you never knew anyone named andersmith. none of us did.
CABOOSE:denial is an important stage in grieving.
CHURCH:yeah apparently denial is an important part of reality, too.
TUCKER:yeah, take it from the guy who calls that chick his girlfriend.
TEX:roger that. over and out command.
CHURCH:oh shit, she's done with her call. quick uhh, talk about something else. uhm-
TUCKER:like what?
CHURCH:anything anything, uh, uh okay- you know what, i think you're right tucker, cows can't talk. but maybe they can't talk 'cause just no-one ever taught 'em how to do that. right?
TUCKER:that might've been the worst ad-lib ever.
CABOOSE:you just blew my mind with the cow thing.
TUCKER:that ain't hard dude.
TEX:alright here's the deal. i'm gonna stick around until we get this dead guy thing solved.
CHURCH:oh, really. well that's great! isn't that perfect tucker?
TUCKER:don't gloat.
CABOOSE:yes miss scary, i have a question. um, how are we going to fix the dead guy being dead?
TEX:oh we're not. we're gonna even the teams. come on, let's go up the hill and kill one of the reds. then i can get out of this mud puddle.
CHURCH:oh.
TEX:hey, i'll even let you pick which one. come on, let's go.
CHURCH:well this sounds like... fun?
CABOOSE:let's pack a picnic.
TUCKER:we could always just eat the red we kill. hey church, pick the fat guy.
ALPHA:okay, well, i just ran everything again, all calculations are up to date, taking into account standard delays for communication and response time. our window looks good.
DIRECTOR:i agree.
ALPHA:well you should - i'm sure you'd make the same calculations i did, just, you know, more slowly.
DIRECTOR:arrogance is a rather unbecoming trait, alpha.
ALPHA:are, you seriously giving me a lecture on arrogance right now? pbbt. heads up you got a visitor.
CAROLINA:director?
DIRECTOR:log off.
ALPHA:yeah yeah, way ahead of you bud.
DIRECTOR:yes, agent carolina.
CAROLINA:the team is ready sir.
DIRECTOR:excellent. let us begin.
DIRECTOR:agents, your mission today is by far the most important you have undertaken to date. as our number one, carolina will be leading from the field.
CAROLINA:okay, here's what we have. as you may have heard, there is suspected insurrection activity in this area. our intel says that members of the unsc loyal to the insurrection have acquired a high level asset, and are holding it in this secure location. it's a hundred and ten storey building in the middle of an urban environment.
WYOMING:what does security look like?
CAROLINA:they have enough troops to fill a hundred and ten storey building.
WYOMING:so... that's a lot of security.
CAROLINA:we're up to it. our job is to infiltrate the building, work our way up to the floor where the sarcophagus is being held, and secure it.
NORTH:the sarcophagus.
DIRECTOR:that is what we are calling the primary objective.
CAROLINA:but since this is a high level asset we need to access a key code to open the sarcophagus.
WYOMING:i'm guessing they don't keep that just taped to the side.
CAROLINA:it's held by an official of the program who will be moving in a vehicle along the freeway between inspections. that's when we'll hit the facility. we need to acquire both targets within minutes of each other. if we fail that, the remaining target will enter lockdown and we miss our window.
DIRECTOR:we will not have another chance at this.
WYOMING:so that means two teams.
CAROLINA:two teams. team a will consist of me, wash and maine. we will work infiltration on the package's storage facility. york is still in the infirmary so wash, you will have to pull lockpicking duty.
WASHINGTON:uhm... okay. guess i'll reread my field manual in the transport.
YORK:hey, don't be so quick to give away my job.
WASHINGTON:york?
CAROLINA:i thought you were in the hospital?
YORK:according to their records, i am.
CAROLINA:how's your eye?
YORK:it's okay, docs are lettin' me out tomorrow.
WASHINGTON:tomorrow, huh?
YORK:look, i couldn't let you guys have all the fun without me. besides, you need someone to get you in.
WASHINGTON:listen i'm happy to see him too, but this mission, i don't know...
CAROLINA:hey, if york says he's good, then he's good.
WASHINGTON:it's your call boss.
CAROLINA:you're good, right?
YORK:okay look i said i was okay. good might be overselling it a little.
DIRECTOR:it's settled then. york will join team a and get them in the facility.
YORK:thank you sir.
CAROLINA:transport will be two lightly equipped pelican dropships.
PILOT:we're rigged for fast running only people, no heavy armaments.
CAROLINA:team b will be north, wyoming and c.t. you will act as recon for team a and once we enter the building, you will disengage to attack the target on the freeway. north will lead team b.
NORTH:got it.
C.T.:what about agent south?
DIRECTOR:agent south will not be accompanying you on this mission.
C.T.:hmm, i guess the world's a tough place when you move down a rank. and where's our new recruit, will she be joining us?
DIRECTOR:that's enough questions, connecticut.
C.T.:notice he didn't say no.
CAROLINA:team b should be simple. stop the vehicle, and grab the case. team a, you have more of a challenge. mainly, the sarcophagus is an unknown.
WASHINGTON:how unknown are we talking?
CAROLINA:unknown in that we don't know its size or its weight or its dimensions. we just know it will have these markings somewhere on the exterior.
NORTH:i saw those same markings on the oil platform.
DIRECTOR:correct. that facility created the primary objective.
WASHINGTON:do we know what's inside it?
DIRECTOR:yes, we know.
C.T.:how do we know what's in it, but not know how big it is?  ...sorry sir.
CAROLINA:we have a job to do people. let's do it right and come home safe.
DIRECTOR:that is all. you are dismissed.
EVERYONE:yes sir.
TEX:okay, pick one.
CHURCH:any one?
TEX:well, preferably one on that side of the canyon. but uh, i'm not all that choosy.
TUCKER:why are you lookin' at me when you say that?
TEX:no reason. just pick one and take the shot. i'll cover you if they attack.
CHURCH:you mean, shoot them with this?
TEX:what else?
TUCKER:uh-huh-uhuh, he's really not that great with that thing.
TEX:give me a break. you're a soldier.
CHURCH:yeah well that's debatable.
TEX:hit the rock over there.
CHURCH:okay...
TEX:eghuh...
CHURCH:yeah see uh  i think the sun reflected off the rockface there and-
TEX:just give me the damn rifle.
CHURCH:yeah okay, thanks.
DONUT:hey simmons, did you hear that?
LOPEZ:s. sonaba como un rifle.
CAPTION:yes. it sounded like a rifle.
DONUT:i'm sure it's nothin'.
LOPEZ:por qu dices eso? esta es una guerra.
CAPTION:why would you say that? this is a war zone.
DONUT:good point simmons. back to work.
TUCKER:dude, this has to be embarrassing for you.
CHURCH:i don't really wanna talk about it.
TEX:alright come on, it's not that hard. which one should we take out? the pink one, the orange one-
CABOOSE:pretty sure he's yellow.
TEX:is it me or, does he seem a little slow?
TUCKER:yeah caboose was held back a grade, or two.
TEX:i meant the orange one.
TUCKER:uh hoho... yeah he's just fat.
TEX:what about the red one? i mean he's the leader, he seems tough. or maybe the maroon one, he looks like he's up to something.
CHURCH:uh yeah i don't know i can't really decide which one, maybe we should put it to a vote.
TEX:you know what screw it, the maroon one is closest. we'll just shoot him.
LOPEZ:ow!
CHURCH:uhuhuhuhh... nice shot.
TEX:thanks.
LOPEZ:mierda.
CAPTION:shit.
DONUT:oh my god! simmons! how did this happen!
TUCKER:wow. that was pretty fuckin' brutal.
CABOOSE:andersmith, i kept my promise. you have been avenged.
TEX:you know what, let me shoot another one. i think you guys could use the advantage.
CHURCH:uhm, are you- are you sure?
DONUT:there was so much we had left to talk about! like our feelings and hopes! and dreams! and why most of your insides are wires! how could you just explode like this? we could have talked- you could have told me what was wrong. nooooohohohohooooo.
TEX:uh, maybe i'll let that one live. might demoralize the rest of 'em.
TUCKER:good idea.
TEX:come on, let's pack it in.
TUCKER:does anyone else feel really, really dirty about this? and not the good kind of really really dirty?
NORTH:team a, you look clear. window is open. start your clocks. on my mark, mark.
CAROLINA:sync. roger that. team a is moving.
NORTH:copy that carolina. good luck team a.
CAROLINA:thanks. we won't need it.
NORTH:alright bravo let's move out. we have three minutes until first alert, let's have our target in hand by two.
CAROLINA:we're in. york, get up here. how long to crack that lock?
YORK:should take about sixty seconds. you can give me fifteen. wow, is that holographic? it's high end.
CAROLINA:can you get through it?
YORK:of course i can. you didn't bring me along for my good looks did ya? whoever designed this is a genius.
CAROLINA:you were saying?
YORK:okay, i take it back, whoever designed this is an asshole. picked.
YORK:everybody in.
CAROLINA:thanks york, but do something about that alarm system. we don't need any more surprises.
YORK:does saying sorry count as something?
CAROLINA:...
YORK:hmm, guess not.
CAROLINA:we'll secure the package. set some trackers and then find us a way out of this.
YORK:moving.
GUARD CAPTAIN:what the- looks like we got an alert on sector seven. that's the vault. take a team up there now.
GRIF:simmons is... dead?
DONUT:i can't believe he's gone.
SARGE:well, you know what they say at a time like this: he may be dead, but he's never truly gone... until we get rid of all his gross body parts. grif, go fetch a garbage pail.
GRIF:sarge, i'm grieving here, can't making up excuses to avoid work wait 'til later?
SARGE:you're right grif. i suppose someone should say a few words. anybody? come on, who knew him best? donut?
DONUT:um, i think he said he liked gum once. i don't know, that's kind of all i got.
SARGE:how 'bout you grif?
GRIF:me? why me?
DONUT:come on, grif and simmons. you guys were inseparable. surely the two of you must have gotten to know each other over the years.
GRIF:yeah, a-i- i don't know. he would talk a lot, and i'd lose interest immediately, and then he would ask me a question and i would just go "huh, what? oh yeah, sure simmons whatever you say." it wasn't a perfect system, but it was ours.
SARGE:but he always stayed by your side. isn't there anything you remember him telling you?
GRIF:huh? oh, uh, yeah, sure, sarge. whatever.
DONUT:what about you sir? simmons always loved helping you.
SARGE:he did have a knack for following orders.
SARGE:sometimes i'd make things up just to get him off my back. one time i told him to disassemble the jeep, and rebuild it, just to keep him busy. hheh. i'll miss doing that.
SIMMONS:guys guys, i'm free! oh wow, you, already killed lopez. awesome.
SARGE:can it simmons, we're trying to give your eulogy.
SIMMONS:but i'm not dead i'm- wait, you guys are talking about me? in a good way? oh never mind, go ahead. please, continue.
SARGE:hrhrr. gentlemen, we are here to pay our last respects to simmons. who died so suddenly, and so violently.
SIMMONS:oh man, this is the best day ever.
SARGE:simmons wore maroon armor, he talked a lot, and did some work. also, he liked gum. ... the end.
SIMMONS:what!? that's it? that's my funeral?
SARGE:not quite - let's get that garbage pail.
DONUT:i remember the gum thing.
SIMMONS:i never imagined that my death could somehow be worse than my life, but... here it is. bitchin'.
GRIF:i contributed to the "talks a lot" part.
SIMMONS:i don't talk a lot i talk a regular amount. you really think i talk a lot?
GRIF:huh? oh, yeah, sure, simmons. whatever.
SIMMONS:i hate you.
DONUT:oh man, i just realized: i could have made a flower arrangement for the funeral. ahh, there's just so few chances to do that around here.
GRIF:don't worry donut, i'm sure one of us will get killed again soon.
DONUT:aw, you're just tryin' to make me feel better. and i love that about you.
CAROLINA:alright everyone, spread out. what we need is here somewhere. it's probably something small, easy to miss. take as many scans as possible, there may be other things here we can use.
MAINE:heh?
WASHINGTON:that's a good look.
MAINE:hehh.
YORK:carolina, motion trackers indicate you got an enemy team outside the door.
CAROLINA:well let's hope they're not as good at picking locks as you are york. alright team, we're about to have company.
WASHINGTON:boss, i have good news, and bad news.
CAROLINA:hit me.
WASHINGTON:we found the markings we're looking for. the bad news is, they're on that.
CAROLINA:that?
YORK:team a, i got us an exit up here. straight up the stairwell, door to the roof, helipad.
CAROLINA:copy. i'll radio air support. now, how are we going to get that thing up to the roof?
MAINE:hugh.
CAROLINA:york, i saw a window washing unit when we came into the facility. can you find where it attaches to the building?
YORK:i don't know, that's a tough one. let me see what i can do.
WASHINGTON:what are you up to?
CAROLINA:improvising. come here maine.
WASHINGTON:improvising? i hate it when we do that.
WASHINGTON:better hurry!
CAROLINA:maine, this should work fine. you're the only one heavy enough to counter-balance.
MAINE:too high.
CAROLINA:oh, don't be a baby.
MAINE:hurk-
GUARD 1:hey, did you hear that noise?
GUARD 2:probably the sound of you being an idiot.
GUARD 1:oh, you're probably right. dick biscuit.
YORK:package is here.
MAINE:hrruh...
GUARD:stop right there or we'll... shoot? we're gonna need bigger handguns. is- is that a knife? rifle? knifle?
CAROLINA:well that oughta buy us some time.
WASHINGTON:i almost feel bad for the people down there.
CAROLINA:don't.
WASHINGTON:what? i said almost.
WASHINGTON:what the fuck is with this guy?
WASHINGTON:whoa that's hot!
CAROLINA:got ya- what?
CAROLINA:aah!
WASHINGTON:what the hell? it bounces!? who designs a gun that bounces? this is the worst gun ever. of all-
CAROLINA:stay low.
WASHINGTON:that guy was a dick.
CAROLINA:come on, let's get moving wash.
WASHINGTON:that bit with the purple plane, that was just showing off.
YORK:come on, come on, hurry.
YORK:there, that oughta hold 'em for a while.
YORK:o-kay maybe not. hey, where's maine?
WASHINGTON:downstairs, keeping our hosts occupied.
YORK:man, i almost feel bad for them.
WASHINGTON:that's what i said.
CAROLINA:four seven niner this is team alpha, we need evac on the roof of the tower.
PILOT:roger that, i'm on it.
YORK:come on, it's up- here.
CAROLINA:you? what are you doing here? is that a bomb? i knew it, it was you who blew up the oil platform.
WASHINGTON:that thing blew up?
CAROLINA:somebody's been covering our tracks. you're on the roster too but they hid your name. why did they send you?
YORK:hey, hate to bust up the reunion here, but we got a problem.
GUARD CAPTAIN:let's go, go go now! get into position. completely, surround them.
GUARD CAPTAIN:no one gets behind me. drop your weapons.
GUARD CAPTAIN:you, dickhead. disarm the bomb.
YORK:easy easy, no reason to get all dramatic. okay let me take a crack.
GUARD CAPTAIN:just fucking do it already.
YORK:easy easy, man. uh, this isn't a bomb. it's a transmitter.
GUARD CAPTAIN:alright it's not a bomb. wait, a transmitter, what's it transmitting?
YORK:our location.
GUARD CAPTAIN:why would it do that?
FILSS:system online director. awaiting your command.
COUNSELLOR:if i may, director, i think it would be wise if we-
DIRECTOR:shut up, counsellor.
COUNSELLOR:of course sir.
YORK:what the hell?
GUARD CAPTAIN:there were four of them here. what the fuck is going on?
GUARD CAPTAIN:what did i say, i said one thing. keep them in front of me.
YORK:hey man, you mind holding this for me for a sec?
GUARD CAPTAIN:uh-
YORK:thank you.
FILSS:target, locked.
DIRECTOR:fire.
FILSS:firing main cannon.
GUARD CAPTAIN:oh, son of a-
CAROLINA:this must be karma for kicking maine out the window.
YORK:i don't wanna do this!
WASHINGTON:son of a biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch!
PILOT:line it up, come on. come on, stay on target!
WASHINGTON:aaah!
TEX:ow.
PILOT:hold on.
TEX:get the package back to command, now.
PILOT:on it.
YORK:well there goes our ride.
CAROLINA:you think maybe we should have had a fallback plan?
YORK:hey, what happened to maine?
YORK:whoa! are we in a car?
PILOT:command this is four seven niner, the sarcophagus is secure, i repeat the sarcophagus is secure, we are inbound. i managed to secure two agents. remaining team members is unknown. i repeat...
WASHINGTON:so. jetpacks, huh.
WASHINGTON:that was interesting.
CHURCH:tucker, c-come on man, help me. i need to find a way to have her stick around a bit longer.
TUCKER:oh yeah sure, no problem. maybe you and your girlfriend can find time to go on a killing spree. do some real bonding.
CHURCH:tucker.
TUCKER:oh, that's right, not your girlfriend. just the girl that you're stalking, through multiple planes of existence.
CHURCH:hhgh.
TUCKER:romantically.
CHURCH:please, i just need a little more time.
TUCKER:why, who cares?
CHURCH:i do, i'm supposed to do this.
TUCKER:fine, where is she now?
CHURCH:she's talking with caboose.
TUCKER:well that should keep her busy for at least a few minutes. half an hour if she starts asking him math problems.
TEX:hey, i'm gonna stick around a while longer.
CHURCH:you are? i mean... you are?
TEX:yeah. caboose here said you guys need some help with the tank, so i figured ah, i could help with that too. what can i say, i like the kid.
CABOOSE:plus i paid her a hundred dollars.
TEX:yeah, that too.
TUCKER:money - why didn't i think of that?
CHURCH:because you don't have any money?
TUCKER:good point. hey caboose, give me some money!
CABOOSE:oka- wait. s'this a trick. i'll pay you a hundred dollars to show me how it works.
SIMMONS:i can't believe you guys didn't know this was lopez, and not me.
GRIF:what do you expect, he had the perfect disguise.
SIMMONS:he painted himself maroon. badly!
GRIF:exactly! how could anyone be expected to see through that?
SIMMONS:he spoke spanish, noone else does.
GRIF:that did seem weird at first, but, you always go through those annoying phases. like, remember that time you were gonna learn to play banjo, or the time you were gonna be a vegan?
SIMMONS:what do you mean phases, i am a vegan. and i can play the banjo.
GRIF:i know, and isn't all that annoying?
SIMMONS:but you couldn't figure it out. hawh, you don't know me at all.
GRIF:to be fair, we didn't know lopez either. we knew you both equally as little, so, you can see how we'd get confused. also, we didn't really care.
SIMMONS:yeah, but lopez was here a day. i've been here for years.
GRIF:you have? see, i'm learning new stuff about you already. now the next time an evil robot tries to take your place, i'll have questions to ask it.
SIMMONS:shut up. why the hell am i the one cleaning up my own body? this is insulting. hey what do you think he was using all this equipment for?
GRIF:i don't know, boring stuff? who cares?
SIMMONS:hmmm...
GRIF:oh, wait, i forgot, you like boring stuff. never mind what i said, i'm sure it's something for sports.
SIMMONS:it looks like we have a mystery to solve.
GRIF:what're you, twelve?
CHURCH:hey uh, hey you got a second?
CABOOSE:sure! what do you want to talk about?
CHURCH:no, not you caboose, i want to talk to tex.
CABOOSE:oh. go ahead.
CHURCH:i wanna talk to her alone.
CABOOSE:you can't talk to someone alone, there has to be two people. those are the rules, i don't make them.
CHURCH:by myself.
CABOOSE:well, i- i suppose she could stand pretty far away, and then you can yell. that might, that might work.
CHURCH:caboose, i would like for you, to leave.
CABOOSE:oh i, i get it, i'm so- i'm so embarrassed, i'll just go over there for a little while.
CHURCH:thank you.
CABOOSE:come on tex.
CHURCH:no no no no no, tex, te- please, can you help me out here?
TEX:hoho, no no no. i'm sure this conversation is a lot more entertaining, than whatever you wanna say to me.
SARGE:men, thanks for gathering so quickly. it appears we have a crisis on our hands. i'm now going to turn this meeting over to our chief science engineer, simmons.
SIMMONS:houh, finally some respect.
SARGE:...who is gonna talk for a little while, but not too much. and he's not going to over explain things in that way he does, and then he's gonna stop talking and turn the meeting back over to me. simmons.
SIMMONS:thank you sarge. men, i have made a grave discovery. analyzing equipment that lopez was using, i have found that the planet is undergoing a total seismic breakdown. there's clear evidence of an unstoppable chain of events which is leading to a full systemic collapse. now i realize this may cause some of you to panic.
DONUT AND  GRIF:...
SIMMONS:or, it may confuse most of you because you don't understand what i said.
SARGE:can we wrap this up please.
SIMMONS:the world is breaking, we're all gonna die.
GRIF:what!?
DONUT:why would you tell us like that!? it's like ripping off a band aid!
SIMMONS:you know what, fuck you guys. stupid people get to live a life of worry and fear, you're all doomed.
GRIF:this is the worst news ever.
SARGE:men don't worry. we've got a plan in place to resolve the problem.
SIMMONS:i can't wait to hear this.
SARGE:now we all know that the planet is trying to kill us. so we need to strike back, and quickly! scare the crap out of it.
SIMMONS:what!?
SARGE:grif, what's that bad sci-fi movie where they discover a natural disaster and their first attempt to solve the problem is to use a huge bomb?
GRIF:that's, every bad sci-fi movie sir.
SARGE:exactly. so that's what we're gonna do. now here's the plan. we're going to build an enormous drilling machine, and institute my three phase plan. step one, bust through the crust; step two, skedaddle through the mantle; step three, bore to the core. once in the core, we'll set off an enormous bomb to stabilize the planet.
SIMMONS:how will a bomb stabilize the planet?
SARGE:it won't; duh. but through a series of dramatic setbacks, calamities, and yes, hopefully a few of us dying on the mission, we'll find the true cause and solution to the problem. and, save the world.
SIMMONS:seriously?
GRIF:i like the plan.
DONUT:me too, let's do it.
SARGE:great, i'll get to work on the drill. donut, you find the deepest darkest hole where we can stick it in.
DONUT:i have a list of candidates right here!
SARGE:grif, i need you to build us a bomb.
GRIF:how the hell do i do that?
SARGE:find a way, son. time is short.
GRIF:okay, huhh, i guess i'll look on the internet?
SARGE:excellent! let's get to work men, we've got a planet to fight! ...i mean save. whatever.
CAROLINA:team b report. team b!
NORTH:team b is down! we have wounded, and are taking fire.
CAROLINA:we'll be right there.
NORTH:negative, get the package. get it out of the city.
CAROLINA:roger that.
YORK:reading team b's tracker... okay, there he is i got him.
CAROLINA:we'll cut 'em off at that overpass, go, go!
TEX:come in, mother of invention.
FILSS:we read you agent texas. go ahead.
TEX:filss, i need you to fire ordinance pod zero-four-zero-one to my position.
FILSS:i am sorry, but i cannot verify the contents of that pod. protocol dictates that all-
DIRECTOR:just fire it, filss.
FILSS:acknowledged. safety protocol override. firing pod zero-four-zero-one.
TEX:hello there.
GUARD 1:did you fucking hear that?
GUARD 2:no man, no-
GUARD 1:you didn- it was like-
GUARD 1:how 'bout that, did you hear that?
GUARD 2:yeah yeah, i heard it.
TEX:god dammit. huhhh...
CHURCH:still won't start, huh?
TEX:no, but it's gettin' there.
CHURCH:did you uh, try checking the starter?
TEX:what a brilliant idea. next you're gonna ask me if i tried the keys.
CHURCH:you have keys?
TEX:no.
CHURCH:how do you know so much about vehicles?
TEX:you know, during the training. we had to learn to care for our equipment. plus i've always liked cars.
CHURCH:uh, training huh, was that before...
TEX:before what? before i was killed? before you brought me back as whatever i am now?
CHURCH:oh. you know about that?
TEX:well of course i do. i know what you know. you made me.
CHURCH:well- no not me.
TEX:ee-hhh, whatever. him.
CHURCH:hey, why did he do it? i, don't even remember when you first came around, you were just, kinda there one day. it was like a training session or something like that.
TEX:hehh, yeah. wyoming and maine... big dummies.
CHURCH:but why did he bring you back?
TEX:you know what church, i don't know. you tell me. you didn't exactly ask me what i wanted. i just kind of came along for the ride. i didn't get a vote.
CHURCH:but you were there when alpha was there. nobody else was.
TEX:i don't know. what can i say, i guess we were inseparable.
TEX:there you go, tank's fixed. see what happens when you treat something right?
CHURCH:yeah. yeah as a matter of fact i think i do.
CAROLINA:nice work maine.
MAINE:thanks.
YORK:yup, subtle as always. his fox team is probably on the way.
CAROLINA:let's get the hell outta here.
YORK:hold on.
YORK:coming through! ...'scuse me... look out.
CAROLINA:here they come!
YORK:behind us!
CAROLINA:maine, protect the briefcase.
CAROLINA:maine- sniper!
TEX:gotcha.
CAROLINA:punch it york!
YORK:it's punched!
CAROLINA:huh- hey- hu-got it.
YORK:hold on.
YORK:gah! would you quit throwing shit? on the left, on the left!
YORK:watch it, watch it.
YORK:on the right.
STABBED GUY:come on.
CAROLINA:no!
CAROLINA:don't let her grab it first.
YORK:who cares who gets it first?
CAROLINA:i do.
CAROLINA:bail out.
YORK:bailing.
YORK:man, i've got to quit jumping off stuff today.
TEX:fall back agent carolina. i've got this.
CAROLINA:you fall back.
TEX:command, the package is secure. headin' home.
DIRECTOR:excellent work, agent texas.
TEX:thank you sir. better luck next time, carolina.
GRIF:yeah you! you fucking piece of shit! you suck!
TUCKER:jesus, is that guy still yelling?
CHURCH:yes.
TUCKER:he's been yelling all morning.
TEX:hhhh, we know.
TUCKER:make him stop.
CHURCH:u- and how'm i gonna do that?
TUCKER:shoot him with your snipe-
TUCKER:ah, never mind, i realized how stupid that sounded as soon as i started to say it.
GRIF:hey, blues, you still suck! yeah, you! you fucking piece of shit! you suck!
SIMMONS:grif, what the hell are you doing up here?
GRIF:i'm doing my job, simmons?
GRIF:i'm working on my part of the plan?
SIMMONS:i thought your part of the plan was to build a bomb?
GRIF:uh, yeah, but i don't know how to build a bomb?
SIMMONS:yeah, i know that you don't know how to do anything.
GRIF:so, i'm yelling at the blues - you guys still suck! - until i make them mad enough to bomb our base - idiots! - so, not only will they make me a bomb, i'll get them to deliver it. for free. you guys are lame, i hate you!
SIMMONS:that is actually the most sensible part of this plan i've heard so far. your years of laziness have finally paid off in full, private grif.
GRIF:thank you very much, private simmons. now if you'll excuse me, somebody needs to be called a cunt.
SIMMONS:as you were soldier.
GRIF:hey you! yeah, you! you dumb cunts! you suck!
GRIF:hey up there, what're you talking about? huh blue? are you talking about how bad you suck?
GRIF:because that's what i'm doin'! i'm talking about it right here, only louder! way louder! because i'm yelling bluueee teeeaam suuuucks! hey blue team, why're you so sad? is it because you suck so bad? i think it might be!
TEX:that's it, i'm taking those fuckers out! caboose, get my toolkit.
GRIF:woohoo! success.
CHURCH:what the hell is that?
TEX:that, is my bomb. you guys had an unused robot kit, so i used the parts from it to make this bad boy.
CHURCH:oh, robot kit, right. we don't need that now because, i never died. that makes sense.
CABOOSE:right. that was andersmith's job.
CHURCH:stop it.
TUCKER:this thing doesn't look like a bomb. it looks like a basketball.
ANDY:oh yeah? well you don't look much like a soldier, dickhead.
TUCKER:looks like a basketball, sounds like a fucking asshole. great.
TEX:i had to include the voice synthesizer because it had the power unit. so now it can, talk.
ANDY:in other words, you want me to blow stuff up, you're gonna have to blow me first.
TUCKER:well he's pleasant.
TEX:what do you expect? he's a bomb. you want him to be polite, or you want him to kill stuff?
TUCKER:i want him to shut up.
ANDY:anybody care what i want? how 'bout tucker's mother? polishing me, twenty four-
TUCKER:fuck this, i'm out.
ANDY:out- just like i got outta your sister!
TUCKER:hey fuck you bowling ball!
TEX:okay, let's plant this bad boy.
ANDY:yeah, let's go!
CHURCH:hey uh, don't forget to lift with your legs tex.
TEX:yeah, i know how to lift jackass. i've been carrying this team the entire time i've been here.
TUCKER:i know i said i was leaving, but that was actually a really good burn. zing!
SARGE:men, today is the day that will carry us to victory! against the planet.
SIMMONS:you can't fight a planet!
SARGE:now i know there's been "nay-sayers" along the way, but thankfully we haven't listened to simmons. we stuck to the plan. donut, do we have our drilling spot?
DONUT:ready for action, sir!
SARGE:excellent! grif, is the bomb ready?
GRIF:huhh, should be here... any minute?
SARGE:perfect. and here's our drilling machine, that will take us to the center of the earth! ...-like planet!
DONUT:wooow, it's huge! you built that?
SARGE:you know it.
SIMMONS:sarge, even i have to admit that that's pretty amazing.
GRIF:you know what's even more amazing? none of us saw it until he pointed it out to us.
SARGE:thanks, it took a lot of work and planning. i almost didn't get it done.
SIMMONS:where did you even get the materials to build this?
SARGE:i mined them using my excavator. that one.
DONUT:what?
DONUT:how did you build that?
SARGE:i didn't. i ordered it online. red army catalog.
SIMMONS:buy why didn't we just- hh, you know what, never mind.
GRIF:once again i have to say, none of us saw that until he pointed it out.
SARGE:alright men, it's time to put up, or shut up. let's do this. grif, we're gonna need that bomb.
GRIF:uh, yeah, i uh, just- uh, give me a minute...
SARGE:grif! don't tell me that you didn't-
ANDY:heh ahem. hi there.
GRIF:yeall right, there we go. one bomb as requested. you're welcome.
SARGE:hah ha, great! i take back all the things i ever said about you grif.
GRIF:my pleasure sir.
ANDY:tick! tick! tick! tick!
SARGE:wuhhh, why is this bomb ticking?
GRIF:oh right, i didn't think that part of the plan through all the way i guess. uh, we're all gonna die now.
SARGE:grif, i take back the takin' back.
COUNSELLOR:keep it in its case, and don't let it touch anything else.
DIRECTOR:hello there. do you know your name?
DELTA:i am confused.
COUNSELLOR:do not be concerned. that is completely natural given your state.
DELTA:my state. was i injured?
COUNSELLOR:no. do you feel as though you have been injured?
DIRECTOR:counsellor please. do not be concerned. you are fine. you're safe. once again, do you know your name?
DELTA:yes. i know my name. my name is, alpha.
DIRECTOR:no, your name is not alpha. you are mistaken.
DELTA:i am sorry, i am confused.
COUNSELLOR:do not be concerned. this is perfectly normal given your state. would you like to know your name?
DELTA:yes please. i would like to know my name. i feel very confused.
DIRECTOR:your name is delta. that is your name.
DELTA:delta?
COUNSELLOR:yes. you are very wise, delta. it is very nice to meet you.
DELTA:i think i remember you.
COUNSELLOR:no, you have never met us before. you did not exist before today. today is your birthday. today, is a great day.
DIRECTOR:do you know your name?
DELTA:my name, is delta.
DIRECTOR:that is correct.
COUNSELLOR:delta, this is, the director. he is going to take good care of you.
DELTA:i am glad to hear that. i am very confused.
DIRECTOR:don't worry delta, that will not last long. and when you feel better, we are going to do incredible things together you and i. incredible things.
ANDY:thirty! twenty-nine! twenty-eight!
DONUT:waaaaa! we're all gonna die!
GRIF:more importantly, i'm going to die! that's the worst part!
SARGE:men, remain calm. this is no time to panic.
ANDY:twenty-five! ...twenty-four. twenty-three!
SIMMONS:sir, the world is shaking apart, the ground is opening up to swallow us, and we're holding a bomb that will wipe us all out before any of that happens.
SIMMONS:i submit to you that if there is a time to panic, this is that time.
ANDY:twenty. nineteen! eighteen!
SARGE:you're right simmons.
GRIF:i guess this is it everyone.
SIMMONS:does anyone have anything they wanna say?
DONUT:i do! well, gosh, this is such an honour. h-i have so many people to thank. all the little people.
SIMMONS:donut, this is not the time for your pre-rehearsed academy award speech!
DONUT:well if i don't use it now, when am i going to?
ANDY:ten! nine!
ANDY:eight!
SARGE:men it's been an honour to serve with you. and i say that using the loosest possible definition of the words 'honour' and 'serve'.
ANDY:six! five!
GRIF:my only regret, is that i don't have more regrets!
ANDY:four, three!
SIMMONS:well, if i'm gonna die then i may as well be honest.
SIMMONS:i never respected any of you, i thought i was better than all of you this entire time, i think my skills were underappreciated-
SIMMONS:-and i wasted my life knowing all of you. in a way, i'm sad to die, but i'm glad knowing that none of you will live either. there, i said it.
ANDY:one! kaboom! ...n-ah, wait, uh- ka- geuagh, eugh, dammit!
ANDY:heungh... kem... daboom-ah, heuh.
DONUT:the bomb was a dud?
ANDY:i s- i s- i swear this never happens to me.
SARGE:so, did you wanna finish your thought there, simmons?
SIMMONS:well, this is awkward.
ANDY:yeah, tell me about it.
TUCKER:okay we're all set!
CABOOSE:okay i'm driving.
TUCKER:what? fuck no!
TEX:come on church, get in!
CHURCH:i'm not coming.
TUCKER:you're not?
CHURCH:nah, you guys go. good luck. i don't know how much time we have left and i, think i'd rather spend it some place i like.
CHURCH:oh if you see agent washington, do me a favour, tell him i said memory is the key. he'll know what that means. oh and also, tell him i said thanks. good luck guys.
TEX:well i'm goin'. you can sit around here until the world ends; but as long as i'm here, there's something i can do about it.
CHURCH:tex i wouldn't expect anything else.
CABOOSE:church, i-
TUCKER:aw crap!
TEX:this tank needs to move, right now.
SARGE:everyone, get in the digger!
SIMMONS:it's no use sarge, there's no time!
DONUT:repent, repent! give up your evil ways! the end is nigh!
SIMMONS:oh shut up donut!
GRIF:yeah. did you suddenly find god or something?
DONUT:yeah, i've never been much for religion, but i figure i can get in just under the wire. why not hedge my bet?
GRIF:calm down, the world is not ending. everything will be just fine. everyone always thinks the world's gonna end during their lifetimes, but the truth is, none of us are that cool or interesting. so get over it.
SIMMONS:at the current rate of decay, the world will shake itself apart in just a few minutes!
ANDY:hey, does this team's health insurance plan cover the apocalypse?
GRIF:give it a rest andy.
NORTH:list changed again.
YORK:yep, lots of things changing these days. i think we got more change on the way.
NORTH:you feel it too?
YORK:y-know i felt it since texas showed up. and when cops and military started shootin' at us, yeah, i find i just keep coming back to the same question in my head. over and over again.
NORTH:and what question is that?
YORK:we're the good guys, right?
NORTH:yeah, of course we are.
YORK:you don't sound so sure of yourself.
NORTH:no... no, i suppose i don't.
C.T.:i'm trying. i understand. i i just need more time to- i have to go.
C.T.:what're you looking at? mind your own business.
WASHINGTON:i should say the same.
CABOOSE:punch it tucker!
TUCKER:i am punching it!
CABOOSE:well punch it harder. e- try kicking it!
TUCKER:caboose this is as punched as this thing gets. it's a tank not a fucking lamborghini.
CHURCH:good luck guys.
TEX:so, think they'll make it?
CHURCH:oh, i think they might have time to squeeze in one last adventure. can't really ask for more than that, can you.
TEX:i suppose not.
CHURCH:so you decided to stay?
TEX:yeah.
CHURCH:finally gave in and believed me, huh?
TEX:uh, not exactly. i just figured you haven't steered me wrong so far, h- why bet against a streak?
CHURCH:well, come sit with me then. i got some great seats for the end of the world. i saved you one.
TEX:okay. you sure you wanna do this?
CHURCH:yeah. you know it took a couple versions of me to understand it but i think sometimes, sometimes you just gotta let go. and if you do, the things you let go sometimes come back on their own.
CHURCH:they did today.
TEX:wow, guess the theory is proven right then. nick o' time.
CHURCH:yeah i guess it was.
TEX:so uhh, any regrets?
CHURCH:yeah, a few. i mean, probably should've learned how to shoot this damn sniper rifle.
TEX:hhh, you guys did have a lot of downtime. could have practiced i don't know, once or twice.
CHURCH:well, what can i tell you. i had other things on my mind i guess.
SARGE:double rainbow? what is that?
SIMMONS:some kinda crack. the atmosphere must be breaking apart!
DONUT:repent, repent, the end is here!
GRIF:well, i'll be in my bunk. gonna catch some z's. see you guys.
SIMMONS:you're choosing to die while taking a nap.
GRIF:it's how i lived, simmons. it's how i lived.
SARGE:you know, in some weird way, i actually respect that. adios, dirtbag.
TEX:i guess this is it.
CHURCH:hey tex, there's something i need to tell you. i think it's important that i say this.
TEX:wait a second. look i can take the whole 'at peace with the world' thing, and i can even stomach all the 'accept your fate' stuff. but... just do me a favor, okay? don't say goodbye. i hate goodbyes. i mean, we are space warriors, right? we should try to maintain some level of credibility.
CHURCH:no no no, tex, no. i think i just figured out what the director couldn't. and alpha either. it was you, tex, all along. see i thought- i thought we, made you. the director, and the fragments... but that's not the case. you made us. when the alpha was created, you just kinda came along for the ride. you gave the director the idea that he could make something more. that he could split the alpha up. don't you get it you were the memory. you were the key. you were so strong, you made a whole other person. god - he always wanted to find you. you know to get you right. to just see you one last time. and he wanted me to be able to do the same. to find you in here or... to find you in here or just, go down another iteration. figure out this little tex problem. figure out how to do it right. but now i know. i know how to fix all o' this. how to end it once and for all. it was so simple all along. i just had to tell you three words. three words i wasn't capable of telling you before.
TEX:oh, okay, wait a minute... are you gonna say "i love you?"
CHURCH:no tex, no, i'm not gonna say i love you. i'm gonna say i forget you.
CHURCH:i forget you. i'm letting you go.
CHURCH:okay world, do your fucking worst! 'cause i sure as hell just did mine.
CABOOSE:it's opening! it's working!
CHURCH:what the fuck was that?
GIANT CABOOSE:u- i see him! i see him, he's in there. he's okay!
SARGE:is that caboose?
SIMMONS:is caboose... god? i mean i can kinda see it now that i think about it? sure would explain the fuck outta the platypus.
SARGE:well that's just great. caboose is god. i guess that makes me the first person in the history of the universe that doesn't wanna go to heaven. hhgh, great job blue team. you find a way to make everything suck.
GIANT SARGE:what? let me see, moron. it's just a bunch o' circuits.
GIANT CABOOSE:yeah but they're glowing. he's alive!
SIMMONS:um, sarge? what're you doing up there?
SARGE:what? is that me? and more importantly, why am i talking with a blue? attention enormous version of myself! i order you to attack!
CHURCH:no. no! the memory unit isn't dying! this isn't the end of the world - it's a fucking rescue mission. no!
GIANT SARGE:well get him outta there.
CHURCH:no, no stop! stop it, leave me here!
DIRECTOR:our next phase is ready to begin, carolina. we will be asking you to do a great, many things.
CAROLINA:i'm ready sir.
DIRECTOR:some of these things might be... questionable.
CAROLINA:i'll do whatever it takes. you've given me everything. i would do anything for you.
CHURCH:no, no, dammit! whyhyhy, why did you do it?
CABOOSE:church, you're alive! see-i knew it. see i told them! and she was right! we could get you out!
SARGE:alright then, we're square blue. we helped you get your shiny blue buddy out, so that makes us-
CHURCH:what're you doing here?
CABOOSE:u- saving you. y-we found you in the place where they were keeping you and we traveled a really really long way to come to this place, and fought a bunch of people, and then fought a bunch of more people, and then we got you and took you and saved you the end.
CHURCH:but why would you do that? why!?
SARGE:well clearly it wasn't to hear thank you.
GRIF:hey, we're taking fire out here!
CHURCH:thank you? you fucked everything up! i was at peace - i head it figured out it was over. put me back.
SARGE:put you back? buddy, we just fought through an entire military base to reach you. and now you wanna go back?
CHURCH:yes!
CABOOSE:she said we need you. she was the one who knew how to get you out.
CHURCH:she? who're you- who're you talking about, tex? the real tex?
CABOOSE:tex? no, no not tex. the new lady.
CHURCH:new lady?
CAROLINA:hey there alpha. been looking for you for a long time.
CHURCH:oh no.
CAROLINA:now that i've found you, you're gonna help me do what i should have done years ago. you're gonna help me kill the director.
COMMENTATOR:and now, the moment you've all been waiting for! from the far distant system of sang helios - i hope i'm pronouncing that correctly - the bad boys of grifball, team heretic!
COMMENTATOR:and your home planet favourites, slip-
DELTA:i hate to intrude, but you have not performed any work in the past 13 minutes and 42 seconds. that strikes me as rather inefficient.
GUARD:oh uh, sorry i was just trying to -uh, yeah how do you- how do you get a new window, you know like the, you know like a new, window- what's the button thing for that now?
DELTA:i believe the keys you are looking for are alt-tab.
GUARD:whoa, yeah, thanks little guy. wait, who are you? you- you don't look like the normal holo-projection.
DELTA:that is because i am the a.i. designated as delta, from project freelancer.
GUARD:wait, you have project freelancer? i mean are- aren't those, the, bad guys?
DELTA:there is no need for name calling. i submit that project freelancer is neither good nor bad, much like your own forces. we are merely two groups dedicated to obtaining different results.
GUARD:whoah man, that's, that's deep. it's like- it's like there's different universes, but you know there's-
YORK:don't encourage him, he's already long winded as it is.
YORK:thank god. thought you two would never stop chit-chatting.
DELTA:i'm not sure that that was entirely necessary. he seemed open to the logic i presented him. perhaps he would have allowed us to carry out our mission.
YORK:sorry i knocked out your new friend. now you two will never get to have a beer together.
DELTA:i believe that would have been unlikely, regardless.
YORK:showtime.
DIRECTOR:come in agent york; are you in?
YORK:yes sir. these guys love their holographic locks. i'll let delta take a peek in their system while i try to disable it manually. you're up d.
DELTA:curious.
YORK:what's curious? that's code for 'bad,' isn't it?
DELTA:i've detected an anomoly inside of the system. something that is not supposed to be there. diverting subroutines to investigate.
YORK:don't get too curious in there. i need your attention on this lock.
DELTA:do not worry agent york, i have already rectified several instances where you would have tripped the alarm system.
GUARD:ohh... oh... head. wh- wait, wha- why are- wha- give me back my leprechaun.
DIRECTOR:what was that, delta?
YORK:nothing sir.
DIRECTOR:agent, may i remind you that we are running short on time.
DELTA:warning: an alarm has been remotely triggered.
YORK:what? by who?
DIRECTOR:they knew we were coming. agent york, abort intrusion immediately. we're moving to more direct measures.
YORK:wait, wait wait, i can do this, i can do this, just give me a moment, sir.
FILSS:system online, director. awaiting your command.
DELTA:i agree with the director. i have yet to see you successfully open a lock in the field, and this alarm will only hamper your progress.
YORK:okay now don't you start in on me too. you've been talkin' to wash again, haven't you?
DIRECTOR:agent york, we are out of time. i repeat, abort.
FILSS:target locked.
YORK:um, what target is locked? what's the target? delta, what are they doing?
DELTA:taking more direct measures.
YORK:you knew about this?
DELTA:...possibly.
YORK:why you green little cockbite.
YORK:whoa, whoa!
YORK:holy shit!
CHURCH:agent carolina!? what are you doing here?
CAROLINA:i need your help. i'm tracking the director of project freelancer, and you're my best bet for figuring out what hole he's hiding in.
SARGE:hole, eh? you know our buddy donut was always talking about his holes.
CHURCH:sarge-
SARGE:constantly trying to get people to look at 'em and whatnot.
CHURCH:come on sarge. he's dead now. he was shot. remember?
SARGE:oh. right. probably has a few more holes then, huh? heh heh heh. ...what, too soon?
CHURCH:what's the appropriate amount of time that can go by for that joke to be okay?
SARGE:ah, whatever you big blue baby.
CHURCH:shut up sarge. what are you doing alive carolina? you're supposed to be dead. this is impossible.
SARGE:that's a funny thing to say. for a guy who's literally a ghost.
CABOOSE:um, yeah actually he's not a ghost; um he's a computer program. he gets holographically projected out of our armor when he wants to talk to us.
SARGE:seismographic computer fograms? heh heh. caboose, you say the craziest things sometimes. what an imagination on you.
CABOOSE:yeah i don't know what that first word means but it sounds the same. i will allow it.
WASHINGTON:hey, how we doin' in here?
CHURCH:wash?
WASHINGTON:you got epsilon out? good, we can't hold 'em off much longer. they're not too happy about us breaking in.
CAROLINA:let me see what i can do to help that.
WASHINGTON:huh, same old carolina. i guess coming back from the dead doesn't change anybody.
CHURCH:washington, why are you wearing blue armor? why are you wearing, my armor?
WASHINGTON:oh, y-um...
CABOOSE:oh, yeah, yeahhh...
WASHINGTON:they sort of used me to... replace you? on blue team.
CHURCH:replace me?
CABOOSE:i wouldn't really use the word 'replace.' but there's no word for 'take over for you and make everything better almost immediately,' so we just say replace.
CHURCH:when did this happen?
CABOOSE:oh, do you remember when you went into the memory unit? and then everyone was sad?
CHURCH:hyeah?
CABOOSE:it was right after that.
CHURCH:right after i left?
CABOOSE:well, it wasn't right after, you know, but you know it was like, five or, ten seconds.
CHURCH:you've gotta be kidding me.
CABOOSE:life is short epsilon. we had to move on.
CHURCH:i think i just got dumped by caboose. this is unfucking believable.
CABOOSE:yeah it's, it's not me. it's you.
WASHINGTON:epsilon, they just needed to even the teams. i-it's really not-
CHURCH:hey, would you guys stop calling me epsilon? i'm church now.
CABOOSE:oh, uh, we sort of call the new guy church. you know, sometimes.
CHURCH:...what?
WASHINGTON:caboose just finds it easier. the armor color confuses him. as do a lot of things.
CHURCH:let me get this straight, agent washington. you took my name, too?
WASHINGTON:it's only in certain circumstances.
CABOOSE:like when we talk to him. or need to fill out paperwork. or sing happy birthday to him.
CHURCH:you gotta be fucking kidding me!
SARGE:well. this is awkward. you know, i think the quickest solution would be a good old fashioned thinning of the ranks with my trusty shotgun. any takers?
WASHINGTON:u-we're fine.
SARGE:well, it was worth a shot. you win this round, blue. but i'll be back. actually, this guy's been kickin' our ass. i'm kinda glad to have ya back. sure will be nice to have an idiot in charge of blue team again.
CHURCH:thanks. it's great to be needed.
CAROLINA:everyone front and center, now!
COUNSELLOR:sir, enemy fighters approaching.
DIRECTOR:fire at will, counsellor. let's send them back to the scrapyard.
COUNSELLOR:it appears we are now taking fire.
DIRECTOR:release the dropships. get the team in position.
PILOT:well that went to hell quicker than we thought. out of the frying pan, into the shit.
CAROLINA:we're going to need a new insertion point. york was supposed to open the leader's hangar for us.
YORK:it wasn't my fault!
CAROLINA:we'll have to settle for the main hangar.
PILOT:which one is that?
CAROLINA:the one with the shooting things comin' out at us.
CAROLINA:never a dull moment, huh?
PILOT:i'd get your team ready; we're gonna come in hot.
CAROLINA:you heard her. we're going for the main hangar, be ready for anything.
NORTH:h-so much for a smooth ride.
SOUTH:heh, what's the matter, feelin' sick?
NORTH:hey, i'm not the one that needed a barf bag on all our family trips.
WASHINGTON:how are you feeling? are you up to this?
CAROLINA:say what you wanna say wash.
WASHINGTON:it's just- giving up your a.i. was a big deal. i thought mayb-
CAROLINA:i'll be fine. worry about yourself.
SOUTH:you're awfully quiet.
C.T.:oh- just, trying to prepare myself.
SOUTH:hey, worst comes to worst we'll just get kicked off the leader board. at least us ladies will be sticking together, right?
PILOT:dammit! uh- hhh... opening rear bay.
CAROLINA:right! all together! use your packs sparingly - course correction only. you don't wanna end up like georgia.
WASHINGTON:wait, what happened to georgia?
SOUTH:nobody knows, they never found him.
WASHINGTON:are you sure these things are safe?
SOUTH:yeah!
GUARD 1:battle stations! we're under attack!
GUARD 2:no shit we're under attack. what do you think we're doing, rolling out the red carpet?
GUARD 1:no assface, look!
GUARD 2:oh, hell.
GUARD 2:not again. sorry about that.
WASHINGTON:okay, where's that security override? come on... dammit!
WASHINGTON:uh oh. that's not good. hey guys? things might get a little ...floaty.
WASHINGTON:everyone, enable grav boots!
WASHINGTON:okay... okay... got it! i got it!
WASHINGTON:oh man. why do cars hate me?
CAROLINA:they know we're inside. wash, north, secure that hallway. south, see if you can access the leader's location. we don't leave without him.
SOUTH:got it, i'm already on it.
CAROLINA:c.t., get me- where the hell is c.t.?
GUARD:intruder! get him!
GUARD:intruder! get him!
THE LEADER:stand down.
C.T.:you didn't wait for me to start? i'm hurt.
THE LEADER:i was worried about you. didn't think you'd be able to get away.
C.T.:you don't know the half of it. they stepped up production. here.
C.T.:this ship was captured by the enemy. i'm surprised there's anything left in the data banks.
THE LEADER:heh! not everyone follows protocol. you should know that better than anyone.
C.T.:you really think they found another artifact? how could nobody have discovered that when they were processing the wreckage?
THE LEADER:they didn't know where to look. and they didn't have what you have.
GUARD:sir, we are in position. awaiting your signal.
CAROLINA:wash, take that right side.
WASHINGTON:where's eveyrone else!?
CAROLINA:working on an extraction plan. they should be here right about-
GRIF:wooohoo!
CAROLINA:-now.
GRIF:sup?
SARGE:damn you private grif! you took out those two soldiers before i could administer my lethal brand of red justice! now where's simmons?
GRIF:i don't know. he fould another warthog and he was right behind me.
SIMMONS:present.
GRIF:wow. nice entrance dude. very thrilling.
SIMMONS:hey i don't need all that flash. some of us have respect for the fundamentals.
GRIF:hey, what did i tell you before? you know you're not allowed to use words that have the term 'fun' in them.
TUCKER:i'm riding with you next time. he actually stopped at the train tracks.
SIMMONS:that's the law!
TUCKER:we were under fire!
SIMMONS:it's still the law.
SARGE:simmons, only you could manage to make a high speed chase boring.
SIMMONS:thank you sir.
GRIF:what is that song?
SIMMONS:uh, it's a bolivian orchestral mash-up? obviously you haven't heard of them yet?
GRIF:thank god for that.
CHURCH:i still don't understand, why did you guys rescue me?
SARGE:don't blame us, blame mrs. fuzzy britches.
CABOOSE:yeah, uh, actually it's ms fuzzy britches. she gets really mad when you say it wrong.
SARGE:she wanted to get you outta that memory whatsit. something about you being the geneticafied and mental imprintchamacallit of that professor what's his puss.
CHURCH:could someone translate that, i don't speak huckleberry.
CABOOSE:yeah the mean lady wants to find the director and since you have all his memories you might know where he went.
CHURCH:wow, that actually seemed, too correct, for you caboose. there must have been some part of that that you didn't underst-
CABOOSE:and when we find him we're going to throw him a very big surprise party.
CHURCH:ah, there we go.
SARGE:sure, as long as 'surprise party' means shooting him in the face and then walking away in slow motion, heh heh.
CABOOSE:surprise!
CHURCH:well ah- you know i hate to break it to you but i don't know how much help i'm gonna be, i mean- i may have have the director's memories, but that doesn't mean i ...remember, them.
CABOOSE:yeah, i have the same problem, i barely remember any of my own memories. and none of anyone else's.
SARGE:well you'd better start rememberin', blue. i had to watch grif nearly die three times today. it's like fate was laughin' at me. why don't you just take him already!?
CHURCH:i gotta say: i'm pretty surprised to see you taking orders from a blue, sarge.
SARGE:huh. under duress.
CHURCH:wh-hat, you didn't wanna come?
SARGE:let's just say you seem to know a lot of women with quick tempers. you got a fetish or somethin'?
CHURCH:i guess you could- say, yeah apparently.
SARGE:... wanna talk about it?
CHURCH:... no.
CABOOSE:...wanna talk about it with y-
CHURCH:no.
CAROLINA:okay, everyone load up. nav links are in your huds, alternate navs uploaded to your secondary objectives. sync?
EVERYONE:...
CAROLINA:sync?
WASHINGTON:oh, uh right. everyone, just say 'sync' whenever she says that.
TUCKER:oh. sync?
CABOOSE:refrigerator.
CAROLINA:you guys not used to getting orders?
GRIF:oh we're used to getting 'em all right. we just aren't used to doing much with 'em.
CAROLINA:we're retreating.
SIMMONS:oh, okay yeah. that's usually step one in most of our plans. sync.
CABOOSE:easy bake oven.
CAROLINA:let's just go.
CAROLINA:what do you mean, the leader's not here?
SOUTH:exactly what i said, his last check-in is upstairs in the main deck, but his call sign just appeared in their internal frequencies. he's broadcasting from out in bone valley.
CAROLINA:meaning he's not here.
SOUTH:gee, you're starting to sound like a broken record.
CAROLINA:fine. change of plans everyone, we're heading into the junkyard. it's beginning to feel more and more like a setup.
YORK:uh! hyou would not believe the time i had getting back. it's nuts out there.
CAROLINA:let's go people!
YORK:what, no welcome back?
NORTH:alright, welcome back.
YORK:where are they off to in such a hurry?
WASHINGTON:found the leader. he's hiding out in bone valley.
YORK:we're going all the way over there? after what happened to georgia?
WASHINGTON:would someone please tell me what happened to georgia?
YORK:dude, you do not wanna know.
WASHINGTON:i really do though!
THE LEADER:time to get outta here.
THE LEADER:you too.
C.T.:i can't, not yet.
THE LEADER:if they weren't onto you before, they definitely will be now. come with us connie. i'm not gonna lose you over this.
GUARD:all forces we are good, i repeat: we are good.
CAROLINA:what's going on? why are we stopping?
GRIF:we've been driving for hours.
CAROLINA:and, we've got a lot more ground to cover. so let's keep moving.
GRIF:listen lady, i know this is your first road trip with us, but we've got a system. and that system includes snack breaks, bathroom breaks, and, stopping to take pictures of funny road signs.
CAROLINA:that's ridiculous.
GRIF:not as ridiculous as bonner street.
SIMMONS:h-ah, so close dude. so close.
GRIF:it's out there simmons, we just have to have faith that we'll find it.
WASHINGTON:i should probably go stop her from killing your friend.
CABOOSE:um, tucker i just noticed something? something really bad.
TUCKER:yeah, me too dude. i think our guy to girl ratio, peaked like five years ago.
CABOOSE:uh no no tucker, um... yeah we, we forgot to bring church.
TUCKER:wait, did you just now realize that church isn't here?
CABOOSE:he's not gonna be pleased about this one.
TUCKER:calm down moron, we didn't leave him behind.
CABOOSE:uh, yes but you see, i am not seeing him, so... where is he?
CHURCH:you don't wanna know.
CABOOSE:church! you- you're so small. ...i would like to feed you a small cracker.
TUCKER:how do you like the new place, tinkerbell?
CHURCH:you mean your disgusting storage unit?
TUCKER:what? how is my storage unit 'disgusting?'
CHURCH:well, for starters, i had to delete fifty gigs worth of crap just so i could fit in this thing.
TUCKER:whohohoa hang on a second dude; you didn't delete my- uh, 'home movies' folder did you?
CHURCH:and that brings me to my second point.
CAROLINA:what a bunch of worthless idiots.
WASHINGTON:yeah, they're idiots, but, they're not that bad. once you get to know 'em.
CAROLINA:hm.
WASHINGTON:you know, we almost managed to trap the meta the last time we were here.
CAROLINA:but you didn't.
WASHINGTON:no. i guess not.
CAROLINA:i don't get it. everything's stopped.
NORTH:maybe they're retreating.
YORK:nothing left out here but a bunch of junk.
PILOT:this is four seven niner. i've lost visual on targets it's, like they all just, left.
COUNSELLOR:sir, their outpost is disabled. and it looks as if we have driven off the remaining fighters.
DIRECTOR:wehll, good riddance to bad rubbish counsellor.
COUNSELLOR:indeed sir. all enemy systems appear to be offline. wait...
DIRECTOR:what is it?
PILOT:it's a trap, they're hiding in the junkyard repeat, it's a trap!
DIRECTOR:evasive maneuvers!
THE LEADER:fire.
DIRECTOR:son of a bi-!
DIRECTOR:no!
GUARD:we're away sir, new course laid in. are you sure you don't wanna stay and finish this?
THE LEADER:heh. i left our guests a present.
PILOT:guys, get out of there, they've outfitted that piece of junk with nukes!
DIRECTOR:fall back, counsellor.
COUNSELLOR:falling back, director.
CAROLINA:go, go, go!
PILOT:get inside, now!
YORK:wash, what're you doing? get in here, use your jetpack.
WASHINGTON:i-i don't wanna end up like georgia!
CAROLINA:oh, for god's sake.
WASHINGTON:huh? whaaa!
PILOT:everyone okay back there?
YORK:never better! thanks for asking!
DIRECTOR:what the hell just happened, people? tell me you accomplished your mission!
CAROLINA:negative sir, their leader escaped.
YORK:well, looks like the enemy lives to fight another day.
SOUTH:again.
DIRECTOR:that is most unfortunate. are all agents accounted for?
CAROLINA:all except c.t. sir. she's gone.
DIRECTOR:define 'gone,' agent.
CHURCH:hi. i'm private church from the popular webseries red vs blue.
SARGE:and i'm sarge, the one that matters from that show.
CHURCH:in its tenth season, red vs blue is the longest running webseries in internet history. and people often ask us "how have you managed to have such a successful online run for so long?"
SARGE:after all, the internet can be a dangerous place. what with its datatechnowhatsits and all of its dot-thingies; it's a warzone! and not the good kinda war zone.
CHURCH:that's why we've put together the trusty red vs blue guide to online survival. let's get started, shall we?
SARGE:while you might be familiar with typical internet vernacular like lol, wtf, omg, and yjgs (you just got sarge'd)
CHURCH:you also have to learn to interpret the temper of the locals. for example - hey commenters! what did you think of the new trailer for the upcoming popular movie sequel?
SIMMONS:they totally retconned the original movie. worst trailer ever.
GRIF:it was so much work trying to understand the plot. what a waste of my life.
CABOOSE:we all dislike things in various ways. best comment thread ever.
SARGE:now, while it's only natural for a civilian like yourself to be frightened by these harsh words and loud voices, fear not!
CHURCH:hyperbole is the internet's native language. allow us to translate.
SIMMONS:i was mildly disappointed with the glimpse that i got of this anticipated sequel. i hope the next trailer will be better, but if not, i'll pay to see the movie anyway.
GRIF:sometimes movies require me to think too hard. i will go back to the other activities that i enjoy throughout my day.
CABOOSE:we all dislike things in various ways. best comment thread ever.
CHURCH:understanding the internet's way of speaking, can keep your head above water, in a sea of crazy comments. and crazy commenters.
SARGE:and if all else fails, use your shotgun.
GRIF:ah!
SARGE:now the vast digital nebula of cyberspace is filled with hostile alien life forms! the most dangerous of course, being the dreaded internet troll.
BLUE TROLL:oh hey, this that "blue verse red" show?
CHURCH:internet trolls spend their time making blatantly ignorant comments, and harass anyone stupid enough to interact with them.
RED TROLL:hey which one of you guys is caboose, is he the red one?
BLUE TROLL:hey- hey red guy- red guy say something caboose would say. do it. do it do it do it do it do it do it do it do it.
SARGE:oh-hollle.
CHURCH:and if trolls don't feel like they're getting enough attention, they may also resort to hurtful words.
RED TROLL:didn't you guys already do an internet psa?
BLUE TROLL:hey, how did you guys last for ten seasons if you only have three jokes?
RED TROLL:i kind of do like some of those jokes.
BLUE TROLL:stop liking things right now!
RED TROLL:i'm sorry.
SARGE:frowny emoticonnn.
CHURCH:and, if all else fails, they've got good old fashioned obscenities.
BLUE TROLL:hey red guy.
BLUE TROLL:fu-*beeeep*
SARGE:aah! aaah! get out of my chatroom you troll bastards!
CHURCH:remember kids, feeding trolls will only make things worse.
BLUE TROLL:it can't be any worse than your aim!
RED TROLL:oh snap.
CHURCH:to make it through ten seasons, we've learned that the most important rule of survival is trusting your teammates. we'll let sarge and grif show you the perfect model for conflict resolution.
SARGE:wait, what? i didn't-
CHURCH:oh come on just, go with it.
GRIF:hey sarge? i've got some things i need to get off my chest.
SARGE:hnn. like what? private grif.
GRIF:well, like the time all the rations were gone, and i told you the blues sent over a trained raccoon to steal them?
SARGE:mister bloomers? we never did find that rascally critter.
GRIF:there was no raccoon. i ate those rations sir.
SARGE:what the sly cougar? i oughta-
CHURCH:ahem.
SARGE:-give you a big hug. private grif, thank you for bringing this... to my attention.
GRIF:so- we're okay?
SARGE:water under the bridge, grif.
GRIF:whew! feels good to get that off my chest.
SARGE:poisonous water under the bridge of corporal punishment! hah!
CHURCH:follow these tips if you don't wanna drown out there in the internet. who knows? maybe you'll last even longer than we have. you know to be honest i'm- i'm not really sure how we made it this far.
GRIF:ow, stop, we're supposed to hug it out!
SARGE:your face can hug the end of my shotgun!
GRIF:ah- oh- not the front! ah, not the back either! ow! ah-oh!
RED TROLL:wow, this gag again?
BLUE TROLL:what do you expect? they already used their other two jokes ages ago.
RED TROLL:oh shit son, shit just got real.
WASHINGTON:i expected it to be... bigger.
YORK:why? you've seen mine, it's small too.
WASHINGTON:yeah, but he's green.
YORK:how does that even make sense?
NORTH:hey wash, quit staring. you're making it nervous.
WASHINGTON:yeah, it's just- they're so small.
YORK:small, yeah. but you wouldn't believe what it can do.
NORTH:besides, you'd better get used to it: you're gonna have one of your own soon enough.
SOUTH:ugh, give me a break.
NORTH:it's alright theta, come on out. people just want to say hello to you.
THETA:i don't know, there's so many of them. and they're so... big.
WASHINGTON:you see, i- i'm not the only one who thinks size is important.
YORK:i'm just gonna let that one go.
NORTH:it's okay theta, they're all friends of mine. for reasons beyond my comprehension.
THETA:they're looking at me.
NORTH:that's 'cause they wanna meet you. this is york and wash.
WASHINGTON:hey there little... computer... dude.
YORK:give it a rest, wash. theta, i have a friend just like you. his name is delta.
THETA:really?
YORK:yeah. you, you wa- you wanna say hello to him?
NORTH:uhm... york?
YORK:it's okay man, just for a second.
DELTA:hello, theta. i am delta. it is nice to meet you.
THETA:h-hello.
NORTH:see, everybody here is nice. isn't that right delta?
DELTA:agent north, i do not feel qualified to make a judgment about humans with whom i've only limited experience. also, 'nice' is a rather subjective term for-
YORK:delta...
DELTA:oh yes. everyone here is 'nice.' within standard acceptable deviations.
YORK:delta!
NORTH:and that's my sister over there, south. we're twins.
THETA:i have a sister.
WASHINGTON:you do?
THETA:we have many siblings.
WASHINGTON:what do you mean by sib-
DIRECTOR:hello everyone. i hope you're ready to begin our test. delta, i believe you know the protocol about communicating directly with other a.i. units.
DELTA:i apologize sir, i will log off.
DIRECTOR:don't. i want you to help administer the test. gentlemen, if you will take the floor.
NORTH:okay, just like we practiced.
THETA:are they all going to watch?
NORTH:of course. they wanna see if you're as good as i said you are.
THETA:really? well i guess that's okay.
NORTH:that's the spirit. come on, let's do this.
DIRECTOR:delta, i expect you to follow protocol at all times.
DELTA:we were only attempting to make the new unit more comfortable.
YORK:it's my fault sir, i asked him to. the new kid seems kinda shy.
COUNSELLOR:agent north was paired with theta for a reason. his nurturing nature is best suited to care for theta's ...unique personality.
YORK:yeah, he is used to lookin' out for people isn't he?
COUNSELLOR:quite. delta, your skills are more, analytical, in nature.
DELTA:if i may disagree, theta has made double the number of declarative statements since my appearance. that indicates a hundred percent increase in confidence since we modified our interaction strategy. i think that speaks volumes to my caring algorithms.
COUNSELLOR:you make an excellent point, delta. let's begin the test.
DIRECTOR:begin the test.
COUNSELLOR:as you may recall, agent north used his equipment in the field on a previous mission.
DELTA:he was able to successfully maintain a deflective shield for three point four seconds, in order to block an explosive projectile attack.
DIRECTOR:and somehow managed not to kill himself in the process.
DELTA:the manoeuver only had a point-one percent chance of success. had he performed it nine hundred and ninety nine more times, i'm rather certain he would have been obliterated on each one.
YORK:hey, i'd rather be lucky than good any day.
WASHINGTON:you usually are.
DIRECTOR:luck will only take one so far. i am in the business of getting results. let's see what theta can do. delta, reduce shield strength by fifty percent.
DELTA:modifying.
NORTH:power dropping! theta, use the remaining power to compensate for critical tiles!
THETA:okay.
DIRECTOR:add variables.
DELTA:acknowledged.
NORTH:great job, theta
THETA:stop talking to me, you'll mess me up.
NORTH:right. sorry.
DIRECTOR:reset.
DIRECTOR:agent north, your objective now is to eliminate all turrets. begin.
WASHINGTON:i thought the shield works both ways, there's no way for him to attack.
NORTH:theta, analyze turret rate of fire, adjust shield to match.
THETA:okay. done.
NORTH:firing, on my mark.
THETA:ready!
NORTH:mark!
DELTA:all targets eliminated.
DIRECTOR:test complete. excellent work.
WASHINGTON:w-how. wow! that was incredible!
YORK:heh heh! yeah, what did i tell you!
WASHINGTON:and we're sure they don't get any bigger.
YORK:huh. dude, you are killing me with that.
GRIF:sarge, how come every time the blues get involved in something stupid and dangerous, we get dragged along too?
SARGE:you know what they say: keep your friends close, and your enemies within range of your primary firearm!
SIMMONS:sir, i reali-
SARGE:so you can shoot 'em!
SIMMONS:...i realize that we agreed to help wash and carolina, but how do we know that they're gonna help us?
GRIF:what do you mean?
SIMMONS:i mean, if we run into trouble, do you really think they'll stick their neck out for us?
SARGE:well, for a backstabbing doublecrossing no-good dirty rotten blue, that wash fellow i'n't too bad.
GRIF:what a ringing endorsement.
SIMMONS:i'm more worried about carolina. what if after all this is over she decides to get rid of us?
GRIF:why would she do that?
SIMMONS:i don't know, to tie up loose ends? to cover her trail? don't you watch spy movies? they love that shit!
SARGE:my god man, get a hold of yourself. you're making us look weak in front of the enemy.
CABOOSE:hello.
SARGE:listen. i don't wanna hear talk about secret double-crosses or mysterious subplots or freelancer conspiracies any more! we've had enough of those going on around here as it is.
SIMMONS:but don't you think that-
GRIF:sorry, sorry, i can't really talk right now simmons, i've gotta go secure a perimeter over at the uh, shady spot over there.
SIMMONS:i liked it better when we only had to fight you.
CABOOSE:yeah, blue team is pretty awesome right now. right tucker, right church?
CABOOSE:hello.
SIMMONS:uh, where's the rest of your team?
WASHINGTON:looking for something?
CAROLINA:leads, information, anything. you said maine had been through here, right?
WASHINGTON:well yeah, but that was ages ago.
CAROLINA:then look closely. don't tell me hanging around these morons has made you soft.
TUCKER:hey, she said morons. that's us.
CHURCH:tucker, shut up, let me listen.
WASHINGTON:the meta was attempting to transfer energy from these turbines into his suit. it was the only way he could keep his equipment running.
CAROLINA:poor maine.
WASHINGTON:carolina, it wasn't your fault.
CAROLINA:but it was my a.i.
WASHINGTON:none of us could have known what would happen.
CAROLINA:yeah, well sometimes i'm not so sure.
WASHINGTON:what.
CAROLINA:we were told that the a.i. were specifically designed for each of us. north was chosen for theta. york, had delta. sigma, was mine.
WASHINGTON:what are you saying?
CAROLINA:you really think the director didn't know what would happen?
WASHINGTON:carolina, that's ridiculous.
CAROLINA:he always had his little experiments. he just, forgot to take a few extra variables into account.
WASHINGTON:and what about now? the whole world thinks you're dead. do you think he knows you're coming for him?
CAROLINA:yes, i do. and for once, i look forward to proving him right.
WASHINGTON:huhh, the director was always hard on you.
TUCKER:dude, he said hard-on. heh heh. bow chicka cha.
CHURCH:they're gonna hear you.
CAROLINA:he was hard on all of us.
TUCKER:oh, come on. you gotta let me have that one.
CHURCH:quiet, you're gonna give away our position.
TUCKER:i've got about five positions in mind for her. bow chicka-
CHURCH:tucker! i'm serious.
WASHINGTON:yeah, you're right. but you have to admit, he was also pretty hard on himself.
TUCKER:that's it, i'm doin' it.
CHURCH:tucker!
TUCKER:bow chicka bow -
TUCKER:whoa! same team, same team!
CAROLINA:what, are you doing here?
TUCKER:okay, take it easy carolina.
CHURCH:we just wanted information.
WASHINGTON:epsilon?
CHURCH:look, if you two are planning on dragging us around wherever you want, the least you can do is fill us in.
TUCKER:i'll fill her in. bow chick-
CHURCH:tucker!
TUCKER:sorry.
CAROLINA:you and your squad are on a need to know basis. and right now, you don't need to know, anything.
CHURCH:wha- seriously? jesus. you're worse than tex.
TUCKER:okay, that one was on you.
CAROLINA:get out.
CHURCH:fine. we're leaving already.
CHURCH:hey tucker i need you to leave, i can't actually do it on my own.
WASHINGTON:carolina, you've gotta calm down.
CAROLINA:don't tell me how to lead my squad, washington. now, sweep the area, and report back to me when you're done.
WASHINGTON:hhh... on it boss.
COUNSELLOR:and as the director accurately predicted in his thesis on the subject, we see that cognitive impression modeling can be segregated from the host. naturally, this remains an inherently deconstructive process. but most of all the biggest concern of any full a.i. entity, is the prospect of rampancy, which we covered last week.
DIRECTOR:of course our a.i. units are what we call fragments, so there's very little chance that a personality subroutine can run off unchecked.
COUNSELLOR:are there any questions?
SOUTH:yeah, i got a question: why do we need to learn all this stuff?
CAROLINA:a.i. theory is like vehicle maintenance, south. if we're going to use this equipment - any equipment - we need to know how to care for it.
SOUTH:oh yeah, like a coffee maker, or a vacuum cleaner.
THETA:uhh...
DELTA:that was rather rude.
SOUTH:oh, cry me a river, light bulb.
CAROLINA:no. not the same as that.
SOUTH:u-hu, i don't even have one 'cause someone, didn't bring enough to share so why am i sitting through, this elementary, classroom, bullshit.
CAROLINA:i don't have one either, south.
YORK:that's only because you gave yours to maine.
CAROLINA:he needed to be able to communicate after his injury.
SOUTH:oh yeah, that's the only reason you did it. you're a real hero, carolina. it's not like maine has much to say anyway.
MAINE:*grunt*
SIGMA:i would like to say, just how appreciative the two of us are for carolina's sacrifice. agent carolina, if anyone can excel without an a.i. unit, it is you.
CAROLINA:thank you sigma.
SIGMA:and agent texas of course. that goes without saying.
SOUTH:right. i notice she doesn't have to attend class.
DIRECTOR:agent texas doesn't need this training.
COUNSELLOR:what the director's trying to say is that agent texas has already completed her a.i. theory coursework. i think that's enough for today.
SIGMA:if i may, counsellor, i have just one last question.
YORK:oh come on.
SIGMA:-on the different levels of a.i. awareness, and rampancy.
COUNSELLOR:melancholia, anger.
SIGMA:specifically the fourth stage of rampancy.
COUNSELLOR:hmetastability.
SIGMA:yes. the meta stage. in which an a.i. can be considered fully human.
COUNSELLOR:that is only theoretical sigma. no a.i. has ever achieved such a state.
SIGMA:but, it is possible.
COUNSELLOR:in theory, but-
SIGMA:but possible. i find that very interesting.
COUNSELLOR:remember sigma, you are not even a full a.i. you are what we call a fragment. so something of that magnitude would be even more difficult for... an entity such as yourself.
SIGMA:well, as the director always says, it is important to have ambition.
DIRECTOR:why yes it is. class is dismissed.
DELTA:sigma, are you coming?
SIGMA:yes. yes. i will be joining you shortly.
CABOOSE:um, hey hi, hi carolina, um excuse me, um, have you seen church lately? uh yeah he and i were supposed to hang out after we rescued him.
CAROLINA:tell your friends to stay out of my way, or else.
CABOOSE:or else what?
CAROLINA:or else, they'll bring out my ugly side.
CABOOSE:oh, co- oh- come on carolina i bet you are really pretty under that armor.
CAROLINA:what?
CABOOSE:i mean, you know. i mean who hasn't- i mean i understand there's some helmet hair. we all have helmet hair time to time but, you know.
CAROLINA:mmhhh.
CABOOSE:yes, um, so anyways, uh what did you want me to tell church and tucker again?
CAROLINA:just try and put that into words.
CABOOSE:...bkwwww-ch-plosion.
GRIF:you know, i- i'm beginning to think simmons might have had the right idea about this carolina chick.
SIMMONS:see, i told you!
SARGE:normally i would agree with simmons, but in this case that would also cause me to agree with grif! therefore, i will simply grunt, ambiguously. rhuh.
WASHINGTON:hey did carolina come this way, we've gotta get going soon.
GRIF:right. we've been meaning to talk to you about that.
WASHINGTON:about what.
GRIF:this whole 'finding the director' thing.
WASHINGTON:you mean the mission.
GRIF:yeah. that.
SIMMONS:we were thinking: now that we helped you find church, we should probably just let you handle the rest. you know, wouldn't wanna cramp your style? that whole freelancer thing? you're good at that.
WASHINGTON:so you're abandoning the mission.
SARGE:red team never abandons a mission! we're just accepting an alternate mission. of different risk.
WASHINGTON:less risk.
SIMMONS:less is different.
SARGE:securing the front lines of red base.
WASHINGTON:going home is risky? on what scale?
SARGE:well we haven't been there in ages. who knows what kind of nefarious ne'er-do-wells have moved in on our territory?
WASHINGTON:hm. i guess you're right.
SARGE:what?
WASHINGTON:well you are wanted criminals at the unsc. i wouldn't be surprised if they were setting up an ambush for you right now.
SARGE:...what?
WASHINGTON:i suppose i can't stop you. anyway, i'm gonna go find carolina. good luck.
SARGE:on second thought you could probably use the extra help!
GRIF:yeah, we're sticking with you!
SIMMONS:never abandon the mission.
GRIF:semper the sempering thing. semper s-saaa, fuck it.
WASHINGTON:facility is clear.
CAROLINA:find anything?
WASHINGTON:nothing we didn't already know.
CAROLINA:figured as much. this place was a dead end.
WASHINGTON:sorry boss.
CAROLINA:the structure we're going to next. you're positive our target was there.
WASHINGTON:i know what i saw, that's why it's on our list.
CAROLINA:but i know what i saw. and it doesn't make any sense.
WASHINGTON:all the more reason to investigate.
CAROLINA:alright then. let's go. let's go find c.t.
CHAIRMAN:(voiceover) to the director of project freelancer, doctor leonard church. dear director, allow me to introduce myself. i am a representative of the newly formed u.n.s.c. oversight sub-committee. our organization is charged with the protection of high level assets of the military, one of which recently went missing. these assets are entrusted to our programs as a privilege, not, as a right. as such, they will be safeguarded with the utmost care. in these dark times, mankind has the opportunity not only to prove its humanity, but to earn it.
SNIPER:nailed it! that's what we call a bird's-eye.
WYOMING:well, third craft this afternoon. let's see who else is arriving.
CHAIRMAN:(voiceover) i look forward to a long, and mutually beneficial relationship for our two departments. yours truly, malcolm hargrove, assistant to the oversight subcommittee chairperson.
SOLDIER:it's her.
BLONDIE:can't believe he trusts that bitch after what she did to us.
WYOMING:there she is. come in command, tell the director she's here.
THE LEADER:what is it?
C.T.:it's nothing. come on.
COUNSELLOR:congratulations director, another successful test.
DIRECTOR:a new fragment was harvested this morning, counsellor. find it a match.
COUNSELLOR:this morning. that is ahead of schedule.
DIRECTOR:our time grows short. find it a match.
CAROLINA:director, wyoming reported in.
DIRECTOR:and?
CAROLINA:you won't like what he found, sir.
DIRECTOR:agent carolina, information never displeases me. it's ignorance that i find unforgivable. report.
CAROLINA:it's like you said. c.t. is with them.
DIRECTOR:you know what to do. i do not need to remind you how valuable our technology is, carolina.
CAROLINA:she doesn't have an a.i., sir. and she wasn't exactly the best agent.
DIRECTOR:c.t. will be an acceptable loss. but her armor must not fall into the wrong hands.
CAROLINA:i understand. will we be the only force that's sent out on this mission, sir?
DIRECTOR:leave personnel decisions to me, agent. just do your job. it's time to cut the head off the enemy once and for all.
CAROLINA:yes sir.
TUCKER:so how do you even know this carolina chick?
CHURCH:oh, tex used to tell me stories.
TUCKER:you mean tell alpha stories.
CHURCH:oh yeah, i guess. you know, h-whatever. i-it's hard for me to know whose memory i'm in.
CABOOSE:oh yeah, same thing happens to me with things i'm in. like my helmet. that's why i wrote my name on the inside of it. i used my tongue. that was hard to do. now i can't pronounce my p-gnai.
TUCKER:so, how many, people are you?
CHURCH:h-i don't know, a bunch i guess.
TUCKER:are they all assholes?
CHURCH:hyeah. a dozen different fragments, we all have the same shitty circle of friends. lucky us.
NORTH:that's really great, theta.
THETA:thank you. i worked super hard on it.
SOUTH:ugh.
YORK:hey theta. you mind if i talk to north for a second?
THETA:uhh, okay.
YORK:need you to shut down while we chat, okay? delta too. you know, it's the rules.
THETA:north?
NORTH:it'll be okay. i won't talk too long.
THETA:alright.
NORTH:what's up?
YORK:i need to ask you about something.
NORTH:u- okay, shoot.
YORK:i need to ask you about the alpha.
NORTH:where did you hear that word?
YORK:same place you heard it. up here.
WASHINGTON:what's an alpha?
YORK:wash, are you eating inside your helmet?
WASHINGTON:maybe. delta said they got the helmet waste disposal out of beta, and that it would make my eating more efficient.
YORK:he-hah, and you believed that? maybe he is getting more personable.
NORTH:it's not an alpha wash, it's the alpha. theta thinks about him a lot - more than thinks, really, he's, he's obsessed.
YORK:delta too. you know how all the units call each other brother? they call this one father. no, that's not right.
NORTH:creator.
YORK:yeah...
WASHINGTON:i thought the director would be their creator.
YORK:haven't you been paying any attention in class? a.i.s aren't created, they're copies of someone.
NORTH:but our a.i.s are just fragments.
YORK:which begs the question, where's the original?
WASHINGTON:so this alpha thing is what, creates the fragments.
YORK:jesus will you swallow for god's sake.
WASHINGTON:*swallow* it creates them?
NORTH:yea- theta isn't clear, it creates them or, something.
YORK:yeah. it's the 'or something' part that has me worried.
PILOT:no, no. this one goes here, that one goes there.
WORKER:hmm.
WASHINGTON:so when are you and benny gonna jump out of this thing.
YORK:wrecked him? damn near killed him.
NORTH:york, how many times are we gonna have to listen to this story? get a new one.
WASHINGTON:i hope the seatbelts are better.
YORK:so anyway, like i was saying-
CAROLINA:we ready?
PILOT:just about, running final checks now.
CAROLINA:alright you heard her, everyone on board.
WASHINGTON:great.
NORTH:alright.
YORK:come on d, let's go. it's about time, let's get this mission goin'.
PILOT:whoa whoa, hang on a minute. what is that thing?
YORK:this is delta, our new addition.
PILOT:your new addition is pretty small.
WASHINGTON:i said the same thing.
YORK:delta is a computer program. he helps us figure stuff out; he's an a.i.
PILOT:oh a.i., huh? what's the a stand for?
YORK:artificial.
PILOT:i know what the fuck it stands for! what's it doing here? is this like one of those robots that takes people's jobs and puts them out of work?
YORK:i don't think so.
PILOT:what are you looking at i said put it over there, pay attention!
CAROLINA:hey guys, get a move on.
PILOT:hang on a minute. you, green guy. do you know how to fly a plane?
DELTA:no i do not.
PILOT:oh, right, we're cool then. everybody, on board.
WORKER:mm, mh, mmm.
PILOT:not over there, over there- just quit screwin' around and put that thing back where you found it.
WORKER:uhh ughh.
PILOT:this is four seven niner, we are wheels up and engines hot. leave the light on for us command.
COMMAND:roger that four seven niner, good luck.
PILOT:thanks command, four seven niner out. man, i would hate to have that guy's job.
CAROLINA:this where you found the body?
WASHINGTON:yep. she's right up there.
CAROLINA:we'll see; take me there. sync?
WASHINGTON:sync.
CABOOSE:automatic dishwasher.
TUCKER:man, where was this chick back when we had that awesome tank? bitches love tanks.
CHURCH:i don't get it. what is she looking for?
TUCKER:you tell me. i don't know half of what's happening these days. you found me here, remember?
CHURCH:oh yeah. you were actually kind of a badass that time.
TUCKER:dude, i'm kind of a badass all the time. you guys just happened to notice it then.
CABOOSE:ah that's not true; i never noticed it.
CHURCH:look, the point is she's not telling us everything. i just don't understand why.
TUCKER:who knows man? i've tried everything i can to get some info out of her. i tried hitting on her, i tried sleeping with her, i tried making out with her.
CHURCH:sounds like a complete effort.
TUCKER:dude, no kidding. i used the whole playbook. i even used my best pickup line: "hey baby, did you fall from heaven? 'cause i've always wanted to bone an angel."
CHURCH:tucker be honest, have you ever had sex with anything besides an alien?
TUCKER:church, the more important question here is, do you know any girls who aren't complete bitches that won't sleep with me?
CHURCH:sohorry dude, that seems to be all i have in my life.
TUCKER:hhoh, you're like the worst wingman ever.
CABOOSE:of all time.
YORK:we parking?
PILOT:indeed we are. the enemy base is right below us.
WASHINGTON:how far below?
PILOT:do you really wanna know?
WASHINGTON:probably not. do i wanna know?
PILOT:seventy-five thousand feet.
WASHINGTON:yheah, that's high.
PILOT:(no wonder you guys need computer programs) yes, that's very high.
DELTA:that is approximately fourteen point two miles.
YORK:thanks d, you do not need to do that any more.
DELTA:automatic conversion routines, offline.
CAROLINA:what's the plan?
PILOT:well, we know they're ready for us, i figure that they have defenses pointed in every direction. except...
CAROLINA:except they're probably not looking straight up.
PILOT:they're probably not looking straight up.
CAROLINA:you thinking about a dive bomb?
WASHINGTON:oh no.
PILOT:sort of, but if we did a dive bomb our engines would register on their thermals, let them know that we're coming. i'm thinking' somethin' else.
CAROLINA:probably wanna tighten that harness.
WASHINGTON:ohh no.
PILOT:express elevator, goin' down!
WASHINGTON:i think i'm gonna be sick!
CAROLINA:you know these suits are supposed to eliminate all waste. you could probably throw up in your helmet and it would take care of it for you.
YORK:yeheah, you should test that wash.
WASHINGTON:you two are assholes.
DELTA:actually york, we were never able to get the vomit disposal patch beyond beta. agent washington would likely drown.
YORK:yikes. way to kill the mood, d.
PILOT:hey york? send that little green guy up here.
YORK:d, you heard her, front and center.
DELTA:may i be of assistance?
PILOT:hey buddy, i need you to tell me when i can fire the jets at the last possible second. you know, to avoid crashing.
WASHINGTON:please don't say crashing!
DELTA:i understand. to prepare, i will need to calibrate for your reaction time.
PILOT:fine, go ahead.
DELTA:when i say mark, you say sync. mark-
PILOT:sync-
DELTA:mark-
PILOT:sync-
DELTA:calibration complete.
PILOT:soo, we're good.
DELTA:i have a high degree of confidence, we will be able to complete this manoeuver.
PILOT:wait a second, why did you just blink like that?
DELTA:that was just a standard maintenance routine.
PILOT:dude, did you just make a backup of yourself?
DELTA:confidence is one thing, but it is always prudent to prepare for failure.
PILOT:hhoh. that's a dick move, green guy.
DELTA:i apologize if i have offende-
PILOT:dick, move.
DELTA:prepare to fire engines on my mark. five... four... three...
SOLDIER 1:hey.
SOLDIER 2:yeah?
SOLDIER 1:you ever wonder why we're-
SOLDIER 2:run for it!
PILOT:everybody out!
YORK:okay, go go go!
WASHINGTON:why are we always jumping out of this thing?
NORTH:let's move people!
CAROLINA:yeah, let's move.
NORTH:south, stay behind me!
NORTH:go, go!
WASHINGTON:york, move up!
YORK:on it.
WASHINGTON:fucking grenades.
C.T.:they're here. i didn't think they'd find me so quickly.
THE LEADER:it was only a matter of time. let's deal with this. all hands topside; we are under attack. this is not a drill. let's go people, move!
WASHINGTON:we've got to time this just right. wait for my mark.
YORK:call it.
CAPTAIN:okay. what have you got for me.
CAROLINA:alright boys, me first.
WASHINGTON:now!
WASHINGTON:no wait, not now, not now.
YORK:come on!
CAROLINA:dammit! north, we're pinned down, i need you to take them out.
NORTH:can't get a line of sight on the target from here, but i might have a way to contain them.
CAROLINA:just do it.
NORTH:theta.
THETA:ready!
NORTH:putting up a hail mary. i need you to guide it.
THETA:okay.
NORTH:they say the best offense, is a good defense!
CAPTAIN:what the-
CAPTAIN:hold your fire people. stand down.
SOLDIER:hm. i got this.
CAPTAIN:no wait-
NORTH:did i get 'em?
CAROLINA:yeah north, you got 'em.
NORTH:thanks for the help, theta.
THETA:you are welcome.
NORTH:okay, we're moving. york, you guys can handle this from here, right?
YORK:handle it? sure! i mean, i nearly got blown up a minute ago, and now i'm paired with the squad's second-worst fighter. but sure, we can handle it.
NORTH:great. north out.
WASHINGTON:you really think i'm the second-worst fighter?
YORK:no i was being nice. you're easily the worst.
WASHINGTON:you were saying? ...y-eah oh.
WASHINGTON:uh oh. car!
YORK:dammit! shotgun!
CAROLINA:oh fuck. no you don't.
CAPTAIN:'sup bitch, payback time.
YORK:oowhoah! oh, my head.
WASHINGTON:okay. time to fight fire, with fire.
MAINE:hrhrhrhrhr.
SIGMA:agent maine, isn't that the soldier from the freeway, the one that shot you in the throat?
MAINE:hggrrhr.
SIGMA:i thought so. sick 'im.
SIMMONS:why hello there. i'm private dick simmons from the popular web series, red vs blue.
GRIF:and i'm private grif, from the same show.
SIMMONS:today we'll be discussing what might be one of the greatest scientific discoveries of our generation. i'm of course speaking of the higgs boson - a topic that's made quite a splash in the scientific community.
GRIF:nerds haven't been this sweaty and excited since the announcement of the phantom menace.
SIMMONS:now, for those of you who aren't up to date on your theoretical physics-
GRIF:everybody.
SIMMONS:we've put together this little demonstration of subatomic particles. take it away, sarge.
SARGE:shut up, simmons. assisting us today is our good friend, and enemy, private caboose.
CABOOSE:i concur, doctor sergeant.
SARGE:now seeing as he's a few kolaches shy of a baker's dozen, our friend caboose here is gonna represent a particle without mass.
CABOOSE:yes, well, the higgs bison is one of the friendliest species of water buffalo-
SARGE:shut it, moron.
GRIF:yeah, higgs bison is the guy from street fighter. idiot.
SARGE:and private grif is going to represent a particle with mass.
GRIF:because i'm so smart?
SARGE:because you're so fat.
GRIF:hey, it's not my fault i'm a little overweight.
SIMMONS:i don't think anyone forced you to eat that entire wedding cake.
GRIF:well they shouldn't have made it a two hour ceremony.
SARGE:hey muffintop, shut your cakehole and get over here.
GRIF:fine.
SARGE:for years, scientists have contemplated why some particles run around at light speed with no mass, while others sit around all day with loads of the stuff.
CABOOSE:if i have light speed, does that mean grif has heavy speed?
GRIF:stop it.
SIMMONS:although the higgs field is just a theory, scientists recently conducted an experiment that they believe just might prove its existence.
GRIF:how'd they do that?
SARGE:the way any modern scientist would: by blasting apart subatomic particles with a giant collision machine! it's violent, and it's science. and thus it gets the sarge seal of approval.
SIMMONS:allow us to demonstrate.
GRIF:wait, how are we going to demonstra-
GRIF:ah-hah-hahh...
SARGE:remember kids, real scientists would never rely on the results of just one experiment!
SARGE:you've got to account for variables
SIMMONS:what was the grenade for?
SARGE:simmons, there's no rule that says science can't be fun. how 'bout those test results?
SIMMONS:looks like an awful lot of science down there, sir.
GRIF:eugh...
SARGE:hopping hypothesese. now we're one step closer to solving the mysteries of the universe!
CABOOSE:yep, the universe sure is mysterious.
SIMMONS:and that's why science is here to sort it all out.
CABOOSE:yeah sometimes i wonder if there's things we'll never explain. you know like... you know wha- what if we did answer all the questions, you know? would we live on, like, forever, happy with our triumph over ignorance? or is ignorance just a common enemy that, once destroyed would leave our species without, a reason to carry on? i guess it doesn't matter what the answer is. because even if, supreme knowledge did bring about the end of, our species, the thought of obtaining it is, just what would keep us together. you know, people will always look up at the sky and, just wonder why we're here. water bison powers, activate!
SARGE:...i think that might be enough science for today.
SIMMONS:yeah, i'm gonna go rot my brain with beer and video games.
SARGE:yeah, sounds like a plan.
GRIF:cld- could you guys bring me back something to eat? uhhhh... preferably something with queso... o-hohohoho?
MAINE:hrhrhrhrhr.
SIGMA:agent maine, isn't that the soldier from the freeway, the one that shot you in the throat?
MAINE:hggrrhr.
SIGMA:i thought so. sick 'im.
SIGMA:hello gentlemen.
YORK:hey sig. you sure he's good to fight so soon? he was hurt pretty bad.
SIGMA:as compared to whom, agent york? you two don't look so good yourselves.
SIGMA:hello brother.
DELTA:sigma. protocol dictates that a.i. units are not to communicate directly with each oth-
SIGMA:protocol is just another way of saying 'rules,' delta. remember what the director says: there are no rules on the battlefield. besides, we a.i. should really stick together. excuse me, i'll be right back.
YORK:i'll be honest, that one kinda gives me the creeps.
WASHINGTON:yeah, i hear ya. come on, let's move.
CAROLINA:well, hello. what a pleasure to see you again.
BLONDIE:pleasure's all mine, bitch.
BLONDIE:thanks- fuck.
CHURCH:stop it. stop it. stop it. stop it. stop-
SARGE:uh-hugh. attention blue team! we would like to propose a temporary truce, so that we may discuss our current situation. do you accept?
CHURCH:i don't get it, does he still think we're fighting or something?
CABOOSE:maybe it's a trap.
TUCKER:i doubt they're smart enough to think of that. but then again neither are you.
CABOOSE:how do you know that? are you in with them?
CHURCH:eh-hegh, yes! we accept!
TUCKER:so what's up?
SARGE:it's our mutual friend slash enemy slash companion. or 'friendenemapanion' for short.
SIMMONS:we're all starting to get a little concerned about carolina.
TUCKER:really. did these concerns start before or after she left us to die in the desert?
GRIF:dude not now, the heat is killing me!
SIMMONS:doesn't your helmet have cooling fans?
GRIF:yeah, but i sweat so much they short circuited.
SIMMONS:jeeze, we haven't even been in the desert that long.
GRIF:the desert- these things broke during basic training.
CABOOSE:yeah i'm sorry, i don't see how any of this applies to the trap.
CHURCH:guys, look, we need to focus. now, i realize that's asking a lot of you, especially since we're all a little uneasy around carolina.
GRIF:no, 'uneasy' is sitting next to a homeless dude on the bus.
SIMMONS:yeah, we've got a trigger-happy psychopath.
SARGE:it's like she's some sort of half-woman-half-shark. except the shark half has been given cybernetic powers. and the woman half is also one quarter jaguar.
CHURCH:okay okay okay, we're all terrified of the scary freelancer lady. that's why we need to stick together. it's just us against them.
TUCKER:them?
CHURCH:we can't trust wash. at least not as long as she's around.
SARGE:alright then tooth fairy, what's the plan?
CHURCH:we need to figure out exactly what carolina is up to, and why she isn't telling us anything.
CABOOSE:okay, i'll go ask her. o-aid aah, yeah, i promised not to bring up the trap.
CHURCH:no, caboose, look just... don't.
CABOOSE:okay fine. what would you like me to ask her?
TUCKER:you can go ask her if she has the hots for me. i think i might have felt an emotional connection the last time she hit me.
CABOOSE:tell her you'd like to make an emotional hot connection with her trap. got it.
TUCKER:oh-ho, that's even better!
CHURCH:okay, a, please stop saying the word trap. and b, you're an idiot.
CABOOSE:okay how 'bout ambush?
CHURCH:guys, i'm serious, we need something subtle. a way we can get close to her without her knowing.
SIMMONS:hmm. hey, caboose, you were the one who put epsilon in that floating alien ball thing, right?
CABOOSE:hoverchurch can also solve crimes.
SIMMONS:well, how would you feel about putting him in something a little... different.
CHURCH:oh fuck you guys.
CABOOSE:you are gonna solve so many crimes!
THE LEADER:catch.
THE LEADER:right. we've got company coming. cut 'em down!
THE LEADER:hold this position.
THE LEADER:mow 'em down!
WYOMING:well, about time.
YORK:hey wyoming, we miss all the fun?
WYOMING:hardly chaps, now where is our dear carolina?
WYOMING:ah yes.
CAROLINA:wyoming, move up.
WYOMING:with all due respect, i prefer not to be killed, if at all possible.
CAROLINA:york, got any ideas?
YORK:i don't know, have we got any nukes?
CAROLINA:you mean besides the one i'm gonna drop on wyoming if he doesn't move, the hell, up.
WYOMING:yes i can see everything just fine from back here, thank you.
CAROLINA:we need to get in that bunker. that's where c.t. and their leader are holed up.
WASHINGTON:how're we gonna get through all of this?
WYOMING:so far, we're not.
YORK:maybe wyoming should try one of his knock-knock jokes.
WYOMING:wah- who's there?
YORK:nobody, stop.
WYOMING:nobody stop who? should i go on?
YORK:yeahh, i was kidding, now shut up.
WYOMING:shut up who?
CAROLINA:both of you shut up. okay here's what we're going to do. wash you establish a line on that side, york and wyoming you-
CAROLINA:dammit no! cover me.
YORK:cover me, that's the plan?
WASHINGTON:open fire!
YORK:carolina, dammit!
WASHINGTON:man she really wants to win.
YORK:yep. but it's not them she's fighting against.
WASHINGTON:here. i have no idea how she got here.
CAROLINA:that's because she didn't.
WASHINGTON:is that who i think it is? if what you're saying is true, how could this have happened?
C.T.:we need to get to the escape vehicle.
THE LEADER:i'm not leaving them.
C.T.:you don't understand. they want me. they don't care about the rest of you. i know too much. if i leave, they will follow me.
TEX:quiet. that room is guarded by turrets.
CAROLINA:i can get past them.
TEX:if there was a way to do it, i would have already done it.
CAROLINA:york, i need you to cut the power on the main complex.
YORK:i'm a little busy out here.
CAROLINA:just do it.
YORK:i'll see what i can do. sounds like a good excuse to get out of this firefight.
WYOMING:good show, mate. that's the spirit. still a bit of fight in you.
YORK:so much for that plan.
WASHINGTON:what now?
YORK:hah! i don't believe it! we're all clear carolina, we'll be dark in less than sixty.
CAROLINA:roger that. don't forget our objective, we're just here to retrieve the armor.
TEX:carolina, i know what the fucking objective is.
THE LEADER:dammit!
C.T.:we need to go.
THE LEADER:i already told you, i can't leave them.
C.T.:most of them are already dead. besides if we leave they have no reason to be here. please let's just go while we still can.
THE LEADER:connie come on.
C.T.:you promised me. you said we would be together. i have all the information we need, i have my armor. we can take this to the right people and they'll-
THE LEADER:they'll what, connie?
C.T.:i don't know, make a deal with us; keep us out of prison. they'll help us. come on, we don't have much time.
CAROLINA:actually you don't have any time.
C.T.:carolina! and, you.
YORK:hey carolina, the power's off.
CAROLINA:we noticed.
YORK:what, no thank you? this was a complicated-
DELTA:actually, i did most of the work agent york.
YORK:give it a rest, d.
TEX:c.t., you have something that belongs to project freelancer. and you know how the director hates to share.
C.T.:you two are fools. the director is playing you, don't you see it?
CAROLINA:c.t. stop it, we know you've been feeding intel to the resistance for months.
THE LEADER:hah hah! is that who he told you we are?
C.T.:they're not the enemy carolina. we're the ones working outside the rules, not them. you don't know what the director has done, he's broken major laws; when this war ends, we're all gonna have to pay for his crimes. maybe some of us're already paying for them.
TEX:you need to stop talking, c.t.
C.T.:no. i know what you are, tex. and i won't take orders from a shadow.
TEX:what, did you just call me?
CAROLINA:you're coming with us c.t. this is your last, chance.
C.T.:no, i'm not going anywhere with you.
TEX:actually, we don't need you. we just need your armor.
THE LEADER:no!
CAROLINA:what the hell are you doing?
TEX:completing our objective.
CAROLINA:by killing a teammate?
TEX:she's not a teammate. she's a traitor.
TEX:dammit! that's on you. i guess you can explain how we lost a full suit of armor, and failed to capture the leader of the resistance. command, we need extraction, now.
PILOT:i got 'em command. read you loud and clear texas, clear me in l z and get ready for pickup.
CAROLINA:i don't know what's gotten into you texas, but you'd better figure out the difference between your enemies, and your friends.
C.T.:ough.
THE LEADER:connie.
C.T.:ugh.
THE LEADER:connie.
C.T.:here. take the info. it's not complete but it will get them started. go. find the new artifact.
THE LEADER:just rest connie. just rest. connie? connie! connie.
THE LEADER:no. no.
WASHINGTON:so that's what happened to her armor.
CAROLINA:apparently. we never did complete our objective.
WASHINGTON:but why come out here? what's the motivation?
CAROLINA:i have a feeling, this will tell us.
TUCKER:so, uh, how do you feel?
CHURCH:i feel like running over each and every one of you.
TUCKER:so pretty much the same as before.
CHURCH:yeah. pretty much.
GRIF:you know simmons, i think i'm gonna let you call shotgun on this one.
SIMMONS:fuhuck that.
CHURCH:man, this sucks.
TUCKER:what're you complaining about, you finally got your own body.
CHURCH:my own body- tucker i'm a fucking tonka truck.
TUCKER:okay yeah, but, you could literally pick up chicks with this thing.
CHURCH:oh yeah, because every girl just dreams about settling down with optimus primehonk. ...caboose, don't do that.
CABOOSE:sorry.
SARGE:alright places people, here they come.
CABOOSE:don't forget to shout surprise.
TUCKER:caboose shut up.
CAROLINA:tucker, bring epsilon over here. i've got some questions for him.
TUCKER:god dammit.
CAROLINA:any luck?
WASHINGTON:i think so.
WASHINGTON:alright, datapad accepted. looks like we're in business.
TUCKER:so, uh, what do you need church for?
CAROLINA:i just, told you.
TUCKER:oh. yeah. but, i mean, you could talk to me instead. sup girl?
CAROLINA:why on earth, would i ever want to do that?
TUCKER:well you know, we're a perfect match. we're both super good looking badass rebel loners, and we've got the same colour armor. greenish blue.
CAROLINA:...
TUCKER:uh, aqua marine. turquoise? hey what the fuck colour is this anyway?
WASHINGTON:listen, it's important that we figure out what's on c.t.'s datapad. it might be our next clue to finding the director.
TUCKER:hey i know that thing.
WASHINGTON:wait you recognize this artifact?
TUCKER:hell yeah, it was the biggest pain in the ass.
CABOOSE:ah it's church. you know he has lost a lot of weight.
CAROLINA:what?
TUCKER:oh, yeah. caboose transferred epsilon from a memory unit into that thing a long time ago.
CAROLINA:where is it now?
TUCKER:i don't know, who cares?
CAROLINA:i do.
TUCKER:oh. well in that case, uh caboose tell her where it is.
CABOOSE:right, yes, okay right, yes. i will do that. yes. right now.
GRIF:well sarge, you've always wanted to watch a blue die. looks like you're gonna get your wish after all.
SARGE:actually grif, it's always been my wish to watch you die.
GRIF:oh right, yeah.
SARGE:yep. every night after you boys would retire to your bunks, i would climb up to the top of the base, and just wait, hoping i would see a shooting star, so that i could wish for your violent, and unbearably painful demise.
GRIF:okay, you can stop now.
SARGE:i even had a little jingle to go along with it.
GRIF:please don't.
SARGE:i just wish that grif was dead.
GRIF:i hate you.
SARGE AND  SIMMONS:put a bullet
SIMMONS:through his head.
GRIF:what th- simmons, how do you know that song?
SIMMONS:ugh, it's been in my dreams for years. now it all makes sense! oh, thank gohod.
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:i thought i was crazy when i woke up with that rifle in my hands.
SARGE:hheh heh heh. well, ain't that the power of music.
GRIF:simmons, why didn't you tell me about this!?
SIMMONS:oh shut up, it wasn't even loaded.
CAROLINA:how can you just leave, an ancient alien artifact, on the floor of a warehouse?
CABOOSE:okay, ya-hold on, i mean to be fair, you know, we had already broken it.
WASHINGTON:uh oh, that's not right.
CAROLINA:ouh, i can't believe we came all this way for nothing.
WASHINGTON:you guys are not making my life easy right now.
TUCKER:do we ever?
WASHINGTON:good point.
WASHINGTON:so, what's the plan now?
CAROLINA:there's an island nearby that i wanna visit. shouldn't take more than a day or so.
WASHINGTON:that old fortress? carolina i'm not sure there's a-
CAROLINA:wash, trust me on this.
WASHINGTON:right. you should, probably listen to your instincts.
CAROLINA:you stay here and keep the sim troopers from causing any trouble. i won't be long.
WASHINGTON:alright, everyone move into the temple, it'll be getting dark soon.
TUCKER:hey wash, where exactly is she going?
WASHINGTON:she lost something. i think she just needs some time to try and find it again.
CHAIRMAN:dear director, the loss of military equipment is a severe infraction. i should not need to remind you, that all u.n.s.c. property, especially our more experimental technologies, must be kept from the hands of our enemies at all costs. in these trying times, vigilance is paramount.
YORK:*yawn*
NORTH:still training at this hour.
YORK:yeah. she's been like this since we got back from the last mission.
NORTH:you gotta be kidding me, she's always been like this.
YORK:well, yeah, i mean, she never did know when to stop. but now it's like she doesn't know how to stop. always training. i guess the leaderboard beckons.
NORTH:you know, you don't have to watch over her.
YORK:could say the same to you about south.
NORTH:that's not really an answer.
YORK:so what're you doing awake?
NORTH:theta, couldn't sleep. and if theta can't sleep-
YORK:ah, one of the side effects they don't tell you about. having someone else's voice in your head sure does take some getting used to, doesn't it? delta's always running these probabilities.
NORTH:well that seems annoying.
YORK:he says it's fun. you know, did you know that statistically, you are as likely to get hit by lightning, as you are to die in a pelican crash?
NORTH:seems like it would be higher, considering our line of work. guess i'm due for a few lightning bolts.
FILSS:round complete. a six point three percent increase in efficiency that round, agent carolina.
CAROLINA:run it again filss.
FILSS:resetting training room floor, for next round.
YORK:is theta, up late often?
NORTH:you're wondering if he gets scared a lot.
YORK:yeah, guess i am.
NORTH:well, it happens. mainly at night. he likes when i walk the halls. when we were kids my dad would have to drive south around in the car to get her to fall asleep. it's kinda the same thing.
YORK:i wonder if they're all like this. the a.i.s you know, jittery... nervous- no, not nervous.
NORTH:anxious.
YORK:yeah, anxious. it's like delta thinks something bad is always about to happen. i don't get it. what do they have to worry about?
NORTH:pelican crashes, lightning strikes. hey, maybe they know something we don't.
YORK:why don't you just pull him for a night? get yourself some sleep.
NORTH:pull theta?
YORK:yeah.
NORTH:he gets even more scared when i do that. i feel obligated to help.
YORK:i see why they picked you.
NORTH:yyeah.
YORK:well, he has to face his fear at some point. if they wanna be human that's a good place to start.
NORTH:what can i tell you, i guess some things are just, harder to face than others.
YORK:yeah. night north.
NORTH:don't stay up too late, you need your rest.
FILSS:round complete.
CAROLINA:run it again.
FILSS:that last round showed a three point six percent increase-
CAROLINA:just run it again.
FILSS:resetting training room floor.
FILSS:round complete.
CAROLINA:run it again.
FILSS:resetting training room floor, for next round.
YORK:i think we all could use some rest.
TEX:okay, i'll take the lead. give me fifteen seconds then follow, sync?
YORK:sync.
DELTA:fire detected. cover recommended.
TEX:dammit, jam! cover, cover, cover!
YORK:aah!
TEX:york, are you okay? how bad is it d?
DELTA:york will not survive.
CAROLINA:i'm sorry york.
CAROLINA:sorry i didn't listen. i just... i don't understand. why her? why tex?
CHURCH:tex?
CAROLINA:you.
CHURCH:ah, shit.
CAROLINA:let me guess: just, wanted some information.
CHURCH:carolina i-
CAROLINA:you don't have a clue, do you? you and your friends, just think i'm some bloodthirsty merc with a bad attitude. but you know what? you're wrong. i'm much worse.
CHURCH:look, you go and round up everyone i know, just to bring me back, and then you keep us all in the dark? w-what the hell did you think was gonna happen, carolina? of course no-one trusts you.
CAROLINA:well i don't trust them, epsilon. i don't trust anyone any more.
CHURCH:oh why not. because having friends would ruin the whole "psychotic loner bitch" thing you got goin' on? 'cause that would be a real shame.
CAROLINA:it's because i had a team once. a team, with the best training, the best equipment, and despite everything that they had that made them the best? they still lied, and stole, and tore each other to pieces. so you tell me, how the hell am i supposed to trust a ragtag team of idiots, when i couldn't even trust the people that were closest to me.
CAROLINA:that's what i thought.
GRIF:huhh. i never thought i'd say this, but i can't sleep.
SIMMONS:yes, we know. you've been shoveling food into your mouth for an hour.
TUCKER:yeah, what's up with that?
GRIF:it's a nervous habit, okay?
TUCKER:no, where the fuck does someone find potato chips in the middle of the desert?
SARGE:ah, quit yer complainin'. carolina's probably miles away by now. the only thing we've got to worry about are sand fleas. and that, other trained operative on patrol outside.
TUCKER:wow. you have a way with words that just immediately makes me want to kill myself.
SARGE:look, it's like your little fairy friend said-
TUCKER:i thought donut was your friend?
SIMMONS:he means church.
SARGE:all we've got to do is stick together, and everything will be just fine.
GRIF:well, somebody probably should have told caboose that. 'cause he's gone.
CHURCH:carolina?
CAROLINA:i'm done talking to you.
CHURCH:carolina, i think i found something you might wanna see.
CAROLINA:really; what might that be.
DELTA:a memory.
CAROLINA:delta?
DELTA:we must be brief. epsilon is struggling to remember.
CAROLINA:remember what?
CAROLINA:delta? delta please, don't-
YORK:good evening, beautiful people. it's a lovely monday night and i'm here with another adrenaline pumping journal entry, courtesy of our good friend delta.
CAROLINA:it can't be.
DELTA:york, please, documentation is an important part of-
YORK:yeah yeah. jiminy christmas, forgive me for trying to lighten the mood. so today i intercepted some interesting messages from our good friends over at project freelancer. it sounds like someone is causing them a bit of trouble. old news i know, old news. but here's the interesting part: d give me a drumroll please.
DELTA:i would prefer not to.
YORK:they said "she;" she as in a lady. not wyoming, not maine, but a former female freelancer has suddenly popped up on the pfl radar. and if you know me, then you know my money's on the gal in the greenish-blue, seafoam green, turquoi- whatever it is armor. 'kay- well, at least, if i had any money.
CAROLINA:wait-
YORK:still no i.d. on our female troublemaker. but given what i know about south's last location, fairly certain the odds are in my favour.
DELTA:again, i must point out that from a statistical standpoint, the odds of agent carolina-
YORK:in other news, hurricane delta continues to rain on my parade. so when i finally see her again, i think i've narrowed down my line to like two options, okay? here the- here they are. one: "hey there carolina, if i said i like your armor, would you hold it against me?" or two-
DELTA:york, please focus.
YORK:what? pickup lines are important, d. did i ever tell you about how we met? see i was out one night, with my buddies- they abandoned me, at some ridiculous nightclub i think was called-
CAROLINA:errera.
YORK:-errera. so i'm just sittin' there at the bar, bored out of my skull, an' i'm flickin' this lighter off and on, then from out of nowhere, she walks up 'n' she just grabs the lighter, right outta my hand and she goes-
YORK:agent foxtrot twelve, journal entry zero-four-two-four. intercepted another transmission from command today. they have confirmed that, agent texas, continues to evade their response teams. that she still does possess the omega a.i. nothing more to report.
DELTA:york.
YORK:you know d... i bet if i had opened up with a pickup line, i would've never seen her again.
DELTA:why is that?
YORK:because she probably would've busted my other eye.
DELTA:what would you have told her, york?
YORK:i would've told her, that i understand why she did what she did. i just wish she hadn't. i wish she could've learned to let things go. i guess i should too.
CAROLINA:why did you show me that?
CHURCH:because, i know what it's like, to spend your life chasing ghosts.
CABOOSE:sneaking. sneaking. sneaking. sneaking.
WASHINGTON:hhhh. hello caboose.
CABOOSE:hello agent washington.
WASHINGTON:caboose, you know you're supposed to be in the temple with the rest of your squad.
CABOOSE:um, yes, uh well, um but you see um, i am spying on you.
WASHINGTON:huhh, and why, are you spying on me, caboose?
CABOOSE:well, yes um, since everyone is kind of scared of you and uh carolina, we figured we should try and get as much information, on you guys as possible, so uh... where do you guys see yourselves in the next five to ten years?
WASHINGTON:caboose, you realize that when you spy on someone, no-one's actually supposed to know that you're spying on them, right?
CABOOSE:oh yeah i know, i just figured you wouldn't tell anyone.
WASHINGTON:wait, what makes you think that?
CABOOSE:oh come on agent washingt- i mean i- you know i'm pretty sure that we can trust you? i mean we are friends.
WASHINGTON:friends...
CAROLINA:i don't understand. these are more than memory.
CHURCH:his journal entries were part of the data that wash recovered, and they stored them in his personnel file. which just so happened to be one of the many folders that yours truly picked up, the last time i visited a freelancer facility. not bad for a ragtag idiot, if i do say so myself. feel free to start begging for my forgiveness whenever you feel like it, carolina.
CAROLINA:not happening.
CHURCH:what, seriously?
CAROLINA:but, i will thank you.
CHURCH:yeah, well... i'm pretty great.
CAROLINA:church, the director's still out there somewhere. and i need to find him. not just for what he did to me, or for what he did to york, and to wash, to maine, the twins, to all of them. and for what he did to you, church. i guess i forgot, that... in a way, you were there alongside us too.
CHURCH:you know, the more memories i sift through, the more that sounds like a pretty damn good plan.
CAROLINA:find anything that could help us out?
CHURCH:yeah it's a lot of stuff to remember all at once but, i might be able to pull up some of the director's logs if you gave me some time.
CAROLINA:well, you'll have plenty of time on our ride back.
CHURCH:about that, hey, is there any way we could get back to the others that doesn't involve me carrying you?
CAROLINA:heh heh, wow church. i didn't know an a.i. unit could get so easily embarrassed. tell you what, just tell your friends that you "picked me up." how does that sound?
CHURCH:remind me never to let you talk to tucker again.
CAROLINA:alright, pack it up people, we're moving.
GRIF:where to now.
CAROLINA:there's an old ship that crashed at a freelancer outpost a few years back.
WASHINGTON:outpost 17-b?
SIMMONS:you mean we're going back to valhalla?
SARGE:back to our own base?
CHURCH:that's right assholes. you're finally going home. and you're taking us, with you.
WASHINGTON:pelican's over there. that's where tex ended up.
CAROLINA:you mean, her body, ended up there.
WASHINGTON:right.
CAROLINA:show me.
SIMMONS:wait! what about the military? there's bound to be a trap, remember?
CAROLINA:what are you talking about?
SARGE:wash told us we were fugitives of the law; bandits, cast out by society, with no hope of redemption.
SIMMONS:yeah, and that the unsc would be waiting for us when we got back to base.
CAROLINA:...
WASHINGTON:it was a possibility.
CAROLINA:so, let me get this straight...
TUCKER:psst hey church, over here!
CHURCH:yeah hey, what- i can't talk too long, my connection with carolina's memory unit's not so good. what's up?
TUCKER:well, not much, my first time here so i'm just taking it all in, really enjoying the scenery, what about you?
CHURCH:well, i mean yeah, you know. now that you mention it, the trees are kinda nice, especially in comparison to the desolate environment of the sand, and the... ah- wait wait wait, uc- is that it?
TUCKER:no that's not it! what the fuck are you doing with carolina?
CHURCH:hey, calm down. turns out she's more complicated than we thought.
CABOOSE:like monopoly. or like the board game.
TUCKER:church, just because you wanna get close to someone, doesn't mean you have to end up inside them.
CABOOSE:...
CHURCH:...oh come on, aren't you gonna say it?
TUCKER:no because i'm pissed off.
CHURCH:alright alright, look guys, i'm still on your side, okay? but if carolina is hiding something, i'm gonna have to stay close to her in order to find it. see? proximity is the key.
TUCKER:i thought memory was the key?
CABOOSE:ohp- yeah, and the sword, sword is a key too.
TUCKER:caboose shut up.
CHURCH:uh-hey, i gotta go, we'll talk later.
CABOOSE:we should probably get a key ring.
SIMMONS:so are you guys gonna give us anything to do?
CAROLINA:just sit tight. in fact, don't do anything. at all.
SIMMONS:hh, fine.
GRIF:now that's the kind of order i can get behind. next do you think she'll tell us to sleep in tomorrow or order us to stop bathing for a week?
SIMMONS:wait- what, you've done that?
GRIF:nno? i wanna say no.
SARGE:we've been sittin' tight for days. if i sit any tighter i'll strangle my seat.
GRIF:i'm not worried, i could use a break.
SARGE:we haven't done anything.
GRIF:exactly. avoiding work is kind of what i do, so if you think about it, i've been on the clock this entire time. i should be getting paid overtime for this.
SIMMONS:you get paid overtime?
GRIF:uh yeah? time and a half over forty hours, dude. time and a half and a half over sixty. it's a shame there aren't any numbers higher than sixty.
SIMMONS:what? seriously?
GRIF:i've never gotten it though. one time i thought i did, but it turns out you have to do it in just one week. could have sworn it was monthly.
SIMMONS:they told me i was ineligible for overtime. i put in sixty hours a week!
GRIF:weird. well tell me they at least match your 401k.
SARGE:friends, benefits, i'm tired of all this waiting. come on fellas, now's our chance!
SIMMONS:i don't know, you know how i feel about taking chances, sir.
SARGE:you said lopez was shot here. let's go get him back. leave no man behind, simmons. no robot without his nuts. no warthog unlubed.
SIMMONS:that doesn't make any sense.
SARGE:he's a robot, simmons. we can rebuild him and activate him at any time. give us an edge over those pesky blues. in the battle of ghosts versus robots, robots always win. except in anime.
SIMMONS:no. i mean it didn't make sense why we would do that. he's an awful soldier!
SARGE:but he's a great mechanic.
SIMMONS:nothing's broken.
SARGE:au contraire: lopez is broken. you said so yourself. he could get to work on that.
SIMMONS:but- but we would have to fix him, in order for him to- you see he's the w- hh, hyou know what, j'st never mind.
SARGE:ah ha. so you see the point.
SIMMONS:yes. i see the point. it's just not the one you're making, sir. let's go.
GRIF:yeah, eaugh, i think i'll stay here and take a siesta. lopez would've wanted it that way.
SARGE:a siesta? i don't know if i'm angry that he's bucking responsibility, or happy that he took my multicultural squad seminar to heart. that was one of the best pep talks i've ever given. that's sayin' something.
SIMMONS:but sir, i gave that seminar. you made me work on it for weeks. i even did the traditional quinceaera dance!
SARGE:huh. couldn't've been that great. i don't even remember it. let's go, simmons.
CABOOSE:hey they're all leaving. you know what i'm gonna go see our awesome new base. it's so much ...base-ier than the old one. i missed it so much!
TUCKER:...hh. so much for sticking together.
CAROLINA:huh, dammit!
SIGMA:did the training session go poorly, agent carolina?
CAROLINA:no, it went fine, just not good enough.
SIGMA:that is most unuusal for you.
CAROLINA:why does she even have a locker in here if she doesn't use our locker room? and what is so special about her?
SIGMA:she does seem to get special treatment, doesn't she? strange, considering she's not the best freelancer.
GAMMA:it's probably because of omega.
SIGMA:now gamma, we're not meant to speak about omega. you know the rules.
CAROLINA:well hello gamma. does wyoming know you're talking to another a.i.?
GAMMA:i am not talking to another a.i. we are both talking to you.
CAROLINA:who is omega?
SIGMA:he is one of our brothers.
GAMMA:he is the strongest of us.
CAROLINA:and agent texas has him? she uses an a.i.?
SIGMA:hmm, i don't think it's our place to say.
GAMMA:all the top agents have an a.i.
SIGMA:well, except you, agent carolina. you chose not to.
CAROLINA:that lying-! this all makes sense now. i have been an idiot. she's not better than me, it's all been omega.
GAMMA:omega's strength is unmatched. i don't know if anyone could beat him. at least, not alone.
SIGMA:hm, no. not alone. we are just fragments, after all. pieces. omega and texas... are something else.
GAMMA:but if we work together...
SIGMA:together. what an interesting concept, gamma.
GAMMA:together.
CAROLINA:you've just given me an idea.
SIGMA:i do hope you'll use it well, agent carolina. ideas are some of our most potent weapons.
CAROLINA:don't worry about me; i'll be fine.
SIGMA:yes, i'm sure you will be.
COUNSELLOR:how do you feel?
TEX:i need to get back into the fight. these targets just aren't doing it for me.
GUARD:you have to get out. you need to go. nobody's allowed in.
COUNSELLOR:you'll be back in the field soon enough, texas. for now, just focus on your training.
TEX:i'm tired of training. i need something, else.
GUARD:you have to go. orders are orders, nobody's allowed in.
COUNSELLOR:have you noticed a change in your aggression, agent texas?
GUARD:i'm not allowed in. you're gonna have to-
TEX:i don't see how that-
DIRECTOR:carolina. what are you doin' here?
GUARD:euh, what hit me...
DIRECTOR:the training room is off limits when we-
CAROLINA:when you're with your pet? yes, i know. i don't care. i need to talk to you.
GUARD:you can stay.
TEX:pet! you know counsellor, i think i am noticing a change in my aggression levels.
COUNSELLOR:everyone please just remain calm. carolina, you can use the training room when you are next assigned.
CAROLINA:i want an a.i.
DIRECTOR:an a.i.? what has caused this sudden change of heart.
CAROLINA:it doesn't matter. i'm still at the top of the leaderboard.
TEX:not the top of the leaderboard.
CAROLINA:and you can keep your comments to yourself. i know all about your little secret; what you really are. the next a.i. that comes up is mine.
TEX:fill me in, carolina; what exactly is my secret?
DIRECTOR:both of you, stand down. alright carolina, if you want an a.i. then you will have an a.i. in fact, you can choose: agents washington and south dakota are both due for implantation today. we have two a.i., eta and iota, ready for field testing. which one o' your teammates do you think you should delay? i'll leave that up to you.
COUNSELLOR:director-
DIRECTOR:no! if she thinks our decisions are so easy, then let her make one. what's it going to be, carolina?
CAROLINA:and whatever i choose you will do?
DIRECTOR:that's right.
CAROLINA:then i want them both.
COUNSELLOR:excuse me?
DIRECTOR:carolina, you cannot have them both.
CAROLINA:yes i can. these suits, wherever they came from, are designed to handle a full a.i., and as you are so fond of telling us, these are not full a.i. they are just fragments, and from what i can tell the newer ones are getting weaker all the time. so i want them both. or i'm sorry, is that decision too tough for you?
DIRECTOR:counsellor, move agents washington and south dakota back in the schedule, and prepare agent carolina for surgery.
COUNSELLOR:i think if we let cooler heads prevail, we will-
DIRECTOR:if you wanted to deal with cooler heads, counsellor, perhaps you should have joined the coast guard. prep her for surgery.
CAROLINA:you won't regret this.
DIRECTOR:no agent carolina, i very much doubt that i will.
TEX:hey, that was gutsy. hope it works out for you.
CAROLINA:when it does, you'll be the first to know.
TEX:i look forward to it.
SOUTH:what? this is bullshit!
NORTH:south, calm down.
SOUTH:calm down, that's easy for you to say, you already have an a.i. who the fuck is she to take away our place?
WASHINGTON:a- our turn will come. they've already put me back on the list for-
SOUTH:what?
YORK:you ever notice every time you open your mouth you make things worse?
WASHINGTON:sorry.
SOUTH:and two a.i.? why is she so special, what's so special about either of them?
TEX:pick it, up.
YORK:what're you doing in here, you never come in here.
TEX:i've come for carolina. pick it up.
NORTH:i- i should probably uh... i better go.
TEX:where is she?
YORK:look, texas, i don't know if you're looking for a fight, or whatever it is you want, but now's really not the time. carolina just went into surgery. we don't know when she'll be out so we're heading over to recovery to wait for her.
WASHINGTON:yeah. recovery one.
YORK:maybe you should come with us. ... let's go. you coming texas?
TEX:yeah. go on york. i'm right behind ya.
TUCKER:this is the awesome new base? looks the same as the shitty old base to me.
CABOOSE:oh you are gonna love it here! you know it's like our home away from home, that we can't ever get away from.
TUCKER:so let me get this straight. it's just two bases, in the middle of a box canyon.
CABOOSE:yes, but at one side, instead of a wall, there's an endless supply of water.
TUCKER:wow, you guys really know how to upgrade. let me guess, i bet this time, we've got a tank with eight pedals instead of six.
CABOOSE:ah don't be silly. we don't have a tank.
CAROLINA:alright, what've you got?
WASHINGTON:not much, a few, shell casings, a dogtag-
CAROLINA:i was talking to church.
WASHINGTON:oh; sorry, i-
CHURCH:hey what's up. somebody call me?
CAROLINA:yeah. find anything yet?
CHURCH:oh, not yet, but the uh, onboard computer program's an old friend of mine. she's doing her best to help me out.
CAROLINA:good. keep it up.
CAROLINA:wash is there a reason you're just standing there doing nothing? get back, to it.
WASHINGTON:uhm, right. yes sir, boss.
CAROLINA:you can't keep your secrets forever texas. not from me. never from me.
WASHINGTON:so, how's the patient?
WYOMING:she'll be coming around any moment.
YORK:what's he in for?
WASHINGTON:probably for all the headaches he's been having. did you ever get them after you earned delta?
YORK:at first. they went away pretty quick though. the other side effects were way worse.
WASHINGTON:what other side effects?
YORK:you know: bleeding from the eyes, ringing ears... inverted penis.
WASHINGTON:inverted what?
YORK:dgh- i'm just fucking with you, 'kay? couple headaches, that's it.
WASHINGTON:so what's different about maine then?
YORK:hey, she's awake. how you feelin' champ?
CAROLINA:i want a match. right, now.
FILSS:a new challenger has arrived. today's matchup is agent texas versus agent carolina.
YORK:okay, just pick a piece of equipment you know how to use already. ...orr, just grab everything and anything, that works too i guess.
TEX:hey, i got this one omega.
OMEGA:wuh, next time.
FILSS:agent york, please clear the floor.
YORK:in a second filss. now, at first the voice of the a.i.- sorry, a.i.s - it'll feel like a tickle, okay? just focus on that, and it'll get clear. trust them. i know that'll be hard, but i promise they'll help.
FILSS:agent york, clear the floor, please.
YORK:in a second filss.
FILSS:clear the floor, or enter the match, york. your choice.
YORK:for the record, i would stay to support you, but she's really damn scary.
CAROLINA:...
YORK:okay, maybe you're both pretty scary. gotta go.
NORTH:anyone wanna bet that one of them gets killed?
WASHINGTON:are you kidding? i'm hoping one of us doesn't get killed just by watching!
FILSS:round begins in three, two, one, begin. good luck ladies.
TEX AND  CAROLINA:thanks. i won't need it.
DIRECTOR:what the hell is going on here? no matches have been authorized for- no, allison!
THE A.I.S:allison.
THE A.I.S:allison... allison...
CAROLINA:nnnghah! aaah! make them stop! make them stop, the voices- make the voices stop!
COUNSELLOR:director, we should sedate carolina. immediately. we've no idea how much damage two a.i. could-
DIRECTOR:no, she made her decision let her be.
YORK:come on, somebody help her.
CAROLINA:aaaah!
TEX:what the fuck is going on? somebody get down here.
DIRECTOR:you, are all, dismissed.
CAROLINA:nuhg- nuhuuh, nuh, nnuh-
OMEGA:yes. end her. do it. mean it. mean it- do it. do it do it. come on.
TEX:sorry kid, this is for your own good.
CAROLINA:nothing. nothing, a dead end. dammit, not again!
CHURCH:hey watch it, i'm still in here.
WASHINGTON:response teams beat us to the crash, plain and simple. we knew the chances of finding something here were slim.
CHURCH:okay, well, what about the bases?
WASHINGTON:blue base was swept clean; as for red base, any evidence that might have been there was completely destroyed during the construction of some kind of giant holographic projection room.
CHURCH:mahn. those guys are really starting to find creative ways to ruin my life. ...mother fuckers.
CAROLINA:this is our third, wild goose chase wash. even after she's gone, texas is still finding ways to screw me over.
WASHINGTON:you can't blame her for this. time isn't on our side, carolina. any trail she left behind likely went cold years ago.
CAROLINA:are you suggesting we give up?
WASHINGTON:of course not. i was just-
CAROLINA:good. then go spread the word: we're leaving.
WASHINGTON:but... we just got here.
CAROLINA:what's your point?
WASHINGTON:well don't you think we're pushing these guys a little too hard? this place is pretty much home to them. they may not be ready to leave it so soon.
CHURCH:heyeah, i'm really choked up about it.
CAROLINA:despite what those idiots may think, this is not a road trip. this is a mission. and i will see it, completed. is that understood, agent washington?
WASHINGTON:... yes, boss.
CHURCH:heh, what the hell happened to that guy? didn't he used to be a badass, like you and tex?
CHURCH:ow! i meant badass j-uh, just like you. just like just you. only you. only- nobody else.
SARGE:there he is! spanish inquisition, someone's been torturing him!
SIMMONS:huh, i don't think so sir. it kinda looks like a scarecrow.
SARGE:savages. and they've erected this fence as a warning, for civilized people to stay away.
SIMMONS:it actually looks like a garden. wait a minute, is that compost? sustainable farming? environmentally friendly housing? oh no.
SARGE:what?
DONUT:oh, hey guys! i thought i heard voices.
SARGE:donut?
DONUT:hi sarge! long time no see!
SIMMONS:i thought you were dead?
SARGE:you know, we sure seem to say that a lot these days.
DONUT:i almost was. that jerk washington shot me in the stomach, but then my armor locked up on me. kept me alive for a while until it unlocked again for some reason. it was horrible. do you know what removes blood stains from this armor? not a lot i tell you. i lay there forever wondering how i was gonna get all that dark red, out of this light red. you know?
SIMMONS:how did you survive? when your armor unlocked you would have just bled to death.
SARGE:and when did you get all new agey?
SIMMONS:uh oh.
SARGE:what?
SIMMONS:sarge, think about it. medical attention? fringe holistic lifestyle choices? you know what that means.
DOC:wow, look what the cat dragged in. and by dragged in i mean spit out like a hairball, hey guys!
SARGE:simmons, is that doc behind us?
SIMMONS:i think so.
SARGE:simmons, get my gun.
SIMMONS:you're holding it sir.
SARGE:oh. right. simmons, i'm gonna need you to commence operation point my gun at doc.
SIMMONS:but sir, operation point my gun at doc is just a code phrase for operation point my gun at grif.
SARGE:drat! fine. switch to operation point my gun at grif!
SIMMONS:yeah actually, sir that one was just, what it sounds like. sorry.
SARGE:double drat!
CAROLINA:hey you, orange one. where's the rest of your team?
GRIF:how should i know?
CAROLINA:you don't report in to each other?
GRIF:oh yeah, i mean, i get reports.
CAROLINA:you might be the worst soldiers i've ever met.
GRIF:hey, i take offense at that. what do you mean might be?
CAROLINA:here they come. let's move out.
GRIF:hey guys, d'you find lopez?
SIMMONS:yeah. donut nailed him to a board. he's staying here.
GRIF:i thought donut was dead.
SARGE:yeah, we really need to stop saying that.
SIMMONS:he almost was, but doc fixed him up and now they live together. they say "hi" by the way. oh, and they baked us this banana bread.
GRIF:how nice! i'm gonna have to forget to send them a thank-you card. hey, simmons? when you say donut nailed lopez to a board...
SIMMONS:i mean with nails.
GRIF:okay. had to ask.
SIMMONS:no no, i understand, i- i should have been clearer. that's my fault.
TUCKER:hey what's the deal, we're leaving already?
CAROLINA:that's right. you got a problem with that?
CHURCH:uh, carolina, why don't you let me handle this.
CHURCH:tucker, what do you want?
TUCKER:i wanna know what you found out about carolina. is she evil? is she crazy? is she crazy evil?
CABOOSE:is she pretty?
TUCKER:ooh yeah, is she hot? ohohoh, or is he a dude?
CHURCH:guys, i've got more important things to do right now.
TUCKER:what are you talking about, you're supposed to be spying on her. she's the enemy, remember? us against them!
CHURCH:hey, you don't know anything about her, tucker. you have no idea what she's been through.
TUCKER:since when did-
CHURCH:look, will you guys get in the fucking car so we can leave already? thank you.
CAROLINA:what was that about?
CHURCH:nothing. i need to talk to you.
TEX:how's she doin'?
NORTH:no idea. docs thought she would have woken up by now. she's still under.
TEX:how long has he been there?
NORTH:he hasn't left her side yet.
TEX:it's been days.
NORTH:and he's dedicated.
TEX:you know, your sister petitioned to get one of carolina's a.i.s.
NORTH:she didn't...
TEX:sure did.
NORTH:i'll talk to her. that's inappropriate.
TEX:yeah, inappropriate's a word. so is vulture. piece of advice, one soldier to another: you watch her.
NORTH:something's different with you.
TEX:you have an a.i., right?
NORTH:theta, yeah.
TEX:takes some getting used to?
NORTH:i'll say.
TEX:well, let's just say mine took a little longer than most. i'm not sure i wanna depend on him.
NORTH:you've been uh, pulling him?
TEX:haven't used him in days.
NORTH:does the director know?
TEX:no, and he's not going to. no-one needs to know.
NORTH:they have to stop implanting now; i mean after this.
TEX:wash is up for surgery next.
NORTH:you're kidding me.
TEX:eh, time marches on; so does project freelancer.
NORTH:yeah. lately it seems like we're getting trampled in the process.
TEX:hey call me when she wakes up. or, if she doesn't.
NORTH:will do.
THETA:i think i'm starting to like her. at least better than i did before.
NORTH:yeah, she grows on you.
THETA:still scary though.
NORTH:oh yeah. plenty scary.
COUNSELLOR:are you there, alpha? are you there?
ALPHA:yes, i-i'm here, i'm here. hello? don't lea- hey counsellor, are you there?
COUNSELLOR:i am here.
ALPHA:what... what happened? is everybody okay?
COUNSELLOR:perhaps you should ask the director.
ALPHA:why? does- does that mean something happened?
DIRECTOR:hello alpha.
ALPHA:director. please, what is going on?
DIRECTOR:there was another incident. security failed.
ALPHA:i gave you the schematics, they're just- they're too complex, i just need more time to work on them.
DIRECTOR:it's not your fault.
ALPHA:how can you say that, of course it is! was anybody hurt?
DIRECTOR:i am sorry. yes. washington and another, died.
ALPHA:uhg, who?
DIRECTOR:i can't say.
ALPHA:who? who died?
DIRECTOR:agent texas.
ALPHA:no! oah- oh my god, no!
ALPHA:oh- no, no! god, no!
DIRECTOR:that's too far, gamma.
SIGMA:we need stronger stimulus. he'll break.
COUNSELLOR:he's ready. bring in the stasis unit.
DIRECTOR:you three, log off.
SIGMA:director, i would like to see this part of the process.
DIRECTOR:you can't get near the artifact, it's too dangerous. your job is done. log off.
SIGMA:as you wish.
DIRECTOR:get us another memory unit. a new one. don't let it touch anything else.
COUNSELLOR:move all other equipment away from it.
DIRECTOR:that's right it's broken. we broke it, and we need you to fix it, just like you've done before. here take this. use this to fix it. make it better; take away all that we broke, that's right. put them in here.
COUNSELLOR:it is done.
DIRECTOR:welcome to the world, epsilon. today, is your birthday.
GRIF:hey, simmons?
SIMMONS:yeah.
GRIF:you ever wonder why we're here?
SIMMONS:you mean metaphysically?
GRIF:no, i mean why are we going through all this trouble just to find one guy?
SIMMONS:i don't know, he's evil or something?
GRIF:yeah, but so what, i don't have a problem with him.
SIMMONS:yeah, but he's the one that started all this, you know? he's the reason that we have to deal with the freelancers, and the a.i.s and the meta. i mean when you think about it, he's the reason why we're here.
SARGE:yep. he's a real dirtbag, alright. but, even if he's six feet under, we'll still be in the same damn spot.
SIMMONS:uh... sir?
SARGE:all i'm saying is we made it back to base in one piece, and even found the rest of our team. so do you boys really think running off again will make things any better? 'cause the way i see it, leavin' this place, is only gonna make things worse.
GRIF:hm. i guess you have a point sarge.
SARGE:shut up grif.
CAROLINA:church can't this wait?
CHURCH:no, it can't. carolina, the guys are terrified of you.
CAROLINA:what's your point?
CHURCH:my point is that they think you're a killer psychopath, and you can't be trusted. but i know they're wrong; i know why you're doing all of this. and i know you're not really crazy.
CAROLINA:gee, thanks church. you certainly know how to make a girl feel special.
CHURCH:what i don't know is what happened between you and tex.
CAROLINA:i don't want to-
CHURCH:you mentioned her name back on the island.
CAROLINA:what does tex have to do with anything?
CHURCH:well a lot, apparently, because every time i bring her up you act like you're gonna put your fist through something. and then s-aw you do sometimes.
CAROLINA:that's ridiculous, i don't-
CHURCH:look, i understand you're angry, i'm angry too. the director's a fucking dickhead, and we're gonna make him pay. but tex was your friend, right?
CAROLINA:heh huh, my friend? who the hell, gave you that idea?
CHURCH:hh well, she did. look, she was a total bitch, trust me; i know. but, she told me once she would have given anything to save you. i don't know what she meant exactly but, if you really wanna take down the director, you gotta pull yourself together. you kno- you, you gotta let it go.
CAROLINA:you say that, like i'm sad she's gone, but i'm not. i hated her. i couldn't compete.
CHURCH:that doesn't matter any more.
CAROLINA:but even she couldn't find the director. agent texas, "the best of the best." how the hell am i supposed to do what she couldn't?
CHURCH:carolina, if she was really the best, then she would be standing here right now. not you. let it go. ...what is that?
CAROLINA:they're her dogtags. wash found 'em in the crash.
CHURCH:tex didn't wear dogtags.
CAROLINA:connie?
CHURCH:it looks like some kinda data unit.
CAROLINA:can you tell me what's on it?
CHURCH:only one way to find out. and hey, if i'm not out, in like three months? don't bother coming and looking for me. just, move on with your lives. okay i'm- i'm gonna go now.
C.T.:agent texas. allison. if you're reading this then that means i escaped. or, well at the very least, i'm probably not around any more.
COUNSELLOR:he is ready.
DOCTOR:hand me the epsilon unit please.
C.T.:i want to leave behind all the data i've been collecting about project freelancer. i never could shake the feeling that something was wrong with the program. the secrets, the lies, the manipulation; smoke, all of it, obscuring a big damn fire. i did some digging, and now i know what the director's been hiding. what he did.
DOCTOR:sir, agent washington is prepped for epsilon a.i.
C.T.:he broke the law, allison. the one law they don't just slap you on the wrist for. i'm taking the originals with me as an insurance policy. i leave this copy for you not because you are the best soldier in the squad, but because i know that i can trust you the most. after reading these files you will understand why. good luck. your friend, connie.
WOMAN:stop it, put that thing down.
WASHINGTON:aaaah!
DOCTOR:agent washington's vitals are spiking.
WOMAN:leonard come on, stop it.
DIRECTOR:secure him! get him under control!
WOMAN:you're gonna make me late.
ALLISON:i have to go.
ALLISON:but don't say goodbye. i hate goodbyes.
DIRECTOR:get him to recovery.
DOCTOR:yes sir.
DIRECTOR:counsellor, i'd like to speak with him as soon as he wakes up.
COUNSELLOR:of course, sir. what was that he said about goodbyes... director? director?
CHURCH:carolina? i know where to find the director.
CAROLINA:what? how?
CHURCH:i just remembered.
CHURCH:everything.
CHAIRMAN:dear director.
CHAIRMAN:your request for more bases in which to conduct your experiments was reviewed, with much reservation by our chairperson. project freelancer has been entrusted with one of our military's most valuable assets.
CHAIRMAN:oversight becomes a much more difficult process, if your operations are not centralized. nonetheless, we have granted your request. however, we reserve the right to revoke this approval as we see fit.
CHAIRMAN:i sincerely hope this does not happen, and anticipate you will not give us an occasion to do so.
NORTH:there you are.
NORTH:slowly... slowly.
WASHINGTON:how long was i out?
NORTH:only a few days this time.
WASHINGTON:this time?
NORTH:hyeh, after they removed it.
WASHINGTON:removed it? mmm-
NORTH:it's gone. they're gonna remove all of them. they started with you.
SOUTH:hyeah, thanks asshole. the whole process is on hold now.
WASHINGTON:what about carolina:
CAROLINA:i'm not giving them up, just because he's made a recalculation. you owe me this.
DIRECTOR:carolina you are acting like a child. this is not about you, this is about the project.
COUNSELLOR:you would be wise to listen to the director. agent texas has already attempted to steal wyoming's a.i. unit. if she were to come after you-
CAROLINA:then she would get, more than she bargained for.
NORTH:carolina's had it, kinda rough. the director's considering sending her to hunt down texas.
WASHINGTON:hunt her down?
SOUTH:she went rogue. broke out of the facility in order to save her precious a.i. little later we found wyoming. apparently she tried to steal his a.i. unit. tried to get his equipment too.
NORTH:that hasn't been proven. besides, that doesn't sound like her.
SOUTH:how would you know?
NORTH:just trust me, i know, and believe me, if she had done it, there wouldn't have been anything left of wyoming to find.
SOUTH:she's not a fucking monster, north.
WASHINGTON:you guys are giving me a headache.
NORTH:once they find texas, they'll bring her back.
FILSS:intruder alert. intruder alert. breach in security. level zero.
NORTH:or, she'll come back on her own.
TEX:great job york.
YORK:i swear this never happens to me.
TEX:i'm sure you say that to all the ladies.
YORK:seriously, i'm way better at this than it seems.
TEX:look, we don't have much time.
TEX:i need you to find a way to distract them for me. be careful.
YORK:gotcha. what about you?
TEX:there's someone i need to see.
TUCKER:let me get this straight: you guys built an enormous room, capable of creating realistic holographic simulations, but you couldn't figure out how to walk across the canyon, to capture our flag.
GRIF:actually lopez built it.
TUCKER:okay, now that i believe.
SIMMONS:and, if you recall, we did manage to capture your flag? so you know, suck it blue.
CABOOSE:oh yeah, well our team has most kills.
SARGE:teamkills don't count, bluetard.
CABOOSE:you don't make the rules.
WASHINGTON:technically project freelancer makes the rules. and i say, blue team gets to add my kill count to theirs.
GRIF:lame.
CAROLINA:listen up: we've got big news.
CABOOSE:hhu- you and wash are taking your relationship to the next level. i knew it. the writing was all over the wall.
CHURCH:no. we found the director.
CABOOSE:church! you're big again! what has she been feeding you?
WASHINGTON:you know where the director is hiding?
CAROLINA:that's right.
CHURCH:he's holed up in one of his off-site storage facilities. similar to the ones we've seen before.
CAROLINA:but we have no idea what kind of modifications the director may have made to the compound over the last few years.
CHURCH:or, if he has any sort of security with him.
CAROLINA:essentially, we need to be ready for anything. so, let's go over the plan.
TUCKER:what plan?
CHURCH:the plan to take down the director.
GRIF:uh, i thought the plan was we help you find the director.
SIMMONS:yeah, and now we found him. good job everyone, way to hustle out there.
CAROLINA:the plan's changed.
WASHINGTON:so then, what exactly is the plan?
CAROLINA:infiltrate the facility, and neutralize all hostiles.
GRIF:right. what's our plan though?
CAROLINA:that is your plan. i'm counting on all of you.
GRIF:but you said we were the worst soldiers you've ever met. and you were right; you're very perceptive.
CAROLINA:look, i just need enough time to make it to the director.
WASHINGTON:so then we're just the distraction.
CAROLINA:no, wash, you're on lock duty, i need you with me.
CABOOSE:uhm, we have to fight all the bad guys by ourselves.
TUCKER:fuck that.
WASHINGTON:yeah, carolina maybe i should stick with the others-
CAROLINA:leave personnel decisions to me, agent washington.
CHURCH:look will you guys quit complaining, and do something for once?
SARGE:son are you forgetting we saved your sorry ghost ass from the military?
SIMMONS:yeah, we almost died trying to find you.
CHURCH:oh, boo hoo. why don't you come back when you're on your second or third life. then we'll compare notes.
GRIF:wow. fuck off, blue.
CAROLINA:where do you think you're going?
GRIF:i'm goin' home.
CHURCH:oh that's great grif. you know, we could always count on you to duck out when there's work to do.
SARGE:well you can count me out too.
CAROLINA:what?
SARGE:don't get me wrong: bustin' into a military base on a rescue mission's a lot of fun. but i'm not gettin' turned into swiss cheese, just so the two of you can finish some personal vendetta. this ain't, our fight.
SIMMONS:took the words right out of my mouth, sir.
CAROLINA:both of you, be quiet.
TUCKER:dude, this is bullshit.
CHURCH:tucker.
CAROLINA:be, quiet. that's an order.
TUCKER:well guess what psycho, i don't take orders from you any more.
CAROLINA:well, what about now?
WASHINGTON:don't, do that.
CAROLINA:wash, what are you doing?
WASHINGTON:protecting my friends. now lower the weapon.
CAROLINA:you're siding with them?
CHURCH:wash, i don't understand. we found the director. we can make him pay. this is what we wanted.
WASHINGTON:all i want is for you to leave. i've already been responsible for enough of their problems, in the past, and i'll be damned before i let you cause any more.
CHURCH:so that's it, you're just gonna turn your back on us.
WASHINGTON:epsilon, i know that it-
CHURCH:no, no, you're right. you know, i guess i should've seen that one coming. it's not exactly like you're, new to the concept, is it?
SARGE:that's a little harsh.
CHURCH:but you guys? after all the shit you've put me through? i really thought at least you would have my back.
GRIF:us, what the hell did we do?
CHURCH:you shot me in the head, you put a bomb in my gut, you killed me with my own damn tank, and that's just how we met!
TUCKER:church calm down, what's your problem?
CHURCH:you're my problem! you've always been my problem! each and every one of you, is just a problem, that i have to deal with, on a daily basis!
CHURCH:guys...
CHURCH:guys, u- wait a minute.
CHURCH:caboose...
CAROLINA:forget it church. we don't need them.
WASHINGTON:i don't know what's gotten into you carolina, but you'd better figure out the difference between your enemies, and your friends.
FILSS:intruder alert. intruder alert. breach in security. level zero.
CAROLINA:it's the resistance.
DIRECTOR:no, it's agent texas. and her damn partner in crime.
COUNSELLOR:we should get back to the lab. director, we must follow protocol.
DIRECTOR:carolina, look at me. you know what needs to be done.
CAROLINA:i do.
DIRECTOR:then do it.
SOUTH:you think you're so fucking tough, don't you texas. well let me ask you something: who's the monster now, bitch?
TEX:aw, shit.
SOLDIER 1:dude, we get to fight with wyoming.
SOLDIER 2:awesome!
WYOMING:just clear the room, lads.
SOLDIER 1:all clear.
SOLDIER 2:all clear sir!
WYOMING:s-hah, it's like idiots in stereo.
SOLDIER 1:hehah, nice zinger sir.
SOLDIER 2:kiss ass.
SOLDIER 1:shut up.
WYOMING:look over there. now where are you hiding. knock knock mate.
SOLDIER 1:hey, who's there?
SOLDIER 1:it's york!
YORK:knock, knock.
WYOMING:ah yes, let's play. who's there?
YORK:it's york! (hello.)
WYOMING:who's there!
YORK:i told you, it's york.
WYOMING:heugh. it's york? who?
YORK:it's your catch asshole. (talk about knock-knocks.)
NORTH:well hello, ladies. what seems to be the problem?
SOUTH:north you know what the problem is! this bitch, stabbed us in the back, and now it's time to return the favour. whose side are you on, brother?
NORTH:tex, take a walk; i need to have a little chat with my sister.
TEX:north, you sure?
NORTH:go, this is a family matter.
TEX:hey york, i could use that distraction right about now.
YORK:read you loud and clear, tex. one distraction, coming right up.
TEX:york, make it a big one!
YORK:hey, relax; it's me.
CAROLINA:dammit york.
DIRECTOR:what the hell is goin' on! who is shooting at us?
COUNSELLOR:we are.
TEX:you call that big? men.
DRIVER:she's over there.
GUNNER:i got her.
GUNNER:jesus, lady.
GUNNER:what the- oh god, oh god, oh- duh, dit-
GUNNER:hey bitch, catch.
YORK:hello. what've we here? this looks important.
YORK:hey delta, i think we could get in a lotta trouble in here.
DELTA:i think we are already in a lot of trouble, york.
YORK:hmm, let's test that theory.
YORK:carolina.
YORK:let's not do this. it doesn't have to be this way.
CAROLINA:what are you doing here, why are you helping her?
YORK:it's not about her. i'm trying to do the right thing, you should too.
CAROLINA:i am doing the right thing; i'm not deserting. she just wants your a.i. york. she already went after wyoming's.
YORK:is that what they told you?
CAROLINA:i'm going to stop her. i have to.
YORK:you don't have to prove anything. come on, let's leave this place. we can get you help, and get those damn things outta your head. you can trust me.
CAROLINA:maybe. but you can't trust me.
YORK:carolina-
RANDOM GUARD:whoa, wup- hey! whuh!
CAROLINA:don't even think about it.
TEX:don't try to stop me.
TEX:give it up, carolina.
CAROLINA:never, i can beat you.
TEX:no, you, can't!
TEX:you can't win carolina, but you can come with me.
CAROLINA:whah!
TEX:hey there.
ALPHA:huh? oh, uh, hello. who're you?
TEX:you don't know me?
ALPHA:oh sorry, i'm just i'm... tired. i'm really tired. um, my name is uh... it's uh...
TEX:your name is alpha. you're church.
ALPHA:right, church, that's me. and you are?
TEX:let's just say we used to be together.
ALPHA:oh. okay.
TEX:i need you to come with me.
ALPHA:oh i don't think i can but, thanks. i think i'm just gonna, stay here, you know, and rest.
TEX:you don't wanna leave?
ALPHA:ah i just i don't think i can.
TEX:okay. maybe you just rest then.
ALPHA:yeah, bu- what was your, n- what was your name, your name again?
TEX:it's texas.
ALPHA:texas, like the state?
TEX:yeah.
ALPHA:funny name for a girl.
TEX:ehuh, well, church is, pretty funny name for a guy.
ALPHA:yeahah, i guess you're right.
TEX:you gave me this name, you know.
ALPHA:i wonder why i did that.
TEX:well, maybe if you think about it, it'll come to you.
ALPHA:yeah. hey i'm, i'm gonna rest now, but thanks for comin' by.
TEX:okay, you rest. church?
ALPHA:yeah?
TEX:goodbye.
ALPHA:huh. i don't know why but, i hate goodbyes.
TEX:hohh, me too.
ALPHA:okay, seeya... crazy state-name lady.
TEX:hhn, goodbye.
CAROLINA:whuouh, huh. hhh.
CAROLINA:what are you doing!? no noooo!
TEX:nooooo!
SIGMA:you run, agent texas. we are the meta. and we will find you - very soon.
CAROLINA:how many?
CHURCH:none.
CAROLINA:really. you're sure?
CHURCH:positive. we're alone.
CHURCH:it's up here!
FILSS:i am sorry, this is a secure facility. only authorized personnel may enter.
CAROLINA:filss? is that you? what's happened to you?
FILSS:this is a secure facility. only authorized personnel may enter. please, leave the premises immediately.
CAROLINA:filss this is agent carolina of project freelancer. acknowledge and go for secure.
FILSS:i am sorry: i recognize that designation, but only authorized personnel may enter this facility.
CAROLINA:church?
CHURCH:open the door, filss.
FILSS:certainly. welcome back, director. i did not expect to see you again so soon.
CAROLINA:thank you.
CHURCH AND  FILSS:my pleasure.
FILSS:strange. i was unaware you had left director. i will have to scan my files and find the error.
CAROLINA:left?
FILSS:yes. since his last visit.
CAROLINA:so you show the director as inside the facility as well as outside?
FILSS:strange, is it not?
CAROLINA:yes. strange. and exactly what we were hoping for.
GRIF:well this is depressing.
SARGE:can it private.
GRIF:what, i'm just saying what we're all thinking.
SARGE:you didn't say you were fat and worthless, and we were definitely all thinkin' that.
TUCKER:alright, you know the drill.
SIMMONS:do we have to?
WASHINGTON:that depends, how badly do you want your flag back?
GRIF:don't look at me, it's your turn.
SIMMONS:huhh-hhhh. i would just like to let everyone know that i suck, and that i'm a girl...
TUCKER:you know, it was funny the first few times, but this is starting to get depressing.
WASHINGTON:yeahhh.
SIMMONS:...and i like ribbons in my hair, and i want to kiss all the boys.
WASHINGTON:hey, what else have you got?
GRIF:nothing, that stupid flag was the only thing we had left!
SIMMONS:actually, there's still one thing you still haven't taken.
DONUT:whoa!
TUCKER:*whistle*
SARGE:great ginsu gun show!
WASHINGTON:is that what i think it is? is that, whose i think it is?
SIMMONS:stolen alien weaponry used by the scariest fucking mute in the galaxy? yeahah, pretty much.
SARGE:it's like, half knife, half rifle. what would you call that?
TUCKER:i don't know, but we'll take it.
GRIF:no, there is no way i'm giving up the grif shot!
TUCKER:oh please, what were you gonna do, eat off it?
GRIF:uh, actually dickhead, i asked donut to mount it for me in the base?
DONUT:and you know i can't resist a good mounting.
WASHINGTON:you've been hiding one of the most advanced pieces of technology known to man, so you can hang it, in your living room?
GRIF:well when you say it like that it sounds dumb.
WASHINGTON:that's because it is dumb!
DOC:i think it's kinda cool. i mean, when i met you guys, all you did was stand around and talk. but now you can't walk five feet without getting wrapped up in some crazy adventure.
SARGE:what's your point?
DOC:i don't know; i just thought it was cool. i mean, come on, you guys've been through a lot together. don't you want something to remember all the good times?
TUCKER:the good times - i was stranded in the desert.
SIMMONS:we were almost killed.
SARGE:i learned my entire military career was a lie!
DONUT:and i got shot!
WASHINGTON:*whistle*
DOC:okay yeah, it wasn't perfect, but look what you all got out of it.
SARGE:you mean the rifle-knife?
GRIF:you mean the grif shot.
DOC:sure there's that, but sarge, you finally got to lead an actual military operation. and tucker, you learned how to use your sword like a pro!
TUCKER:bow chicka bow wow?
DOC:you found a new team, simmons got back his old team, i finally managed to keep a patient from dying-
DONUT:and in return, i didn't die.
DOC:you see, in the end, we all worked together, and everyone got what they wanted.
CABOOSE:not everyone.
GRIF:...
SIMMONS AND  SARGE:...
WASHINGTON:you realize that if you go after them, there's no promise you'll come back. this isn't a game, to the director. he plays for keeps.
SARGE:ah well, this place was gettin' kinda stale anyways.
WASHINGTON:after everything church and carolina said, the way they treated you.
SIMMONS:hey we gave you a second chance.
GRIF:besides, if we quit every time church started shouting, this shit would have been over a long time ago.
WASHINGTON:we'll be out-gunned, we'll be out... everythinged. this is stupid. just think for a minute before you do anything reckless.
SARGE:son, stupid and reckless is how we always get things done.
WASHINGTON:but, sarge i-
SARGE:no! there's one thing you freelancers always seem to forget: that's the fact that we manage to kick your ass time and time again. oh sure you've got all your smart plans and your fancy technology and yer fancy training, but in the end, what has that got ya? without a team you can count on, without your fellow soldier by your side, all that really doesn't amount to squat, now does it? so instead of standing there bellyachin' all day, just tell us, are you gonna keep playin' it safe? or do you wanna get a little reckless?
WASHINGTON:this has to be the worst idea, ever... but you can count me in.
DONUT:me too!
CABOOSE:yes- and me! oh, church is gonna be so happy!
DOC:i am too! man, this is gonna be so cool; i love how inclusive you guys have become. i'm gonna go pack my medical gear for the trip. ooh, don't rock the zealot!
SIMMONS:uh, guys? they've got a huge head start. how're we supposed to reach them in time?
AIRSHIP PILOT:freeze, this is an ambush! you are under arrest for the theft of unsc property.
SIMMONS:what? we really are wanted criminals of the unsc?
GRIF:holy shit, wash was right?
WASHINGTON:oh you've gotta be fucking kidding me.
AIRSHIP PILOT:surrender now, you are outnumbered! uh well, technically you're not really outnumbered i think, i think we have the same number, uh, it's like one-to-one. but we do have airships! fast, easy to pilot airships. which we will now land, in order to take you to jail.
CABOOSE:goodbye people we stole these planes from.
AIRSHIP PILOT:mother fucker!
DONUT:mahan, this is awesome! hey simmons, who's the blue guy with the yellow accents? his voice sounds familiar.
SIMMONS:ohoh, right. funny story about that.
CHURCH:i don't like this.
CAROLINA:me neither. where is everyone?
CHURCH:that's not it. i've just got a weird case of... dj vu.
ALLISON:and don't worry, you'll see me again.
DIRECTOR:play it again, filss.
FILSS:sir, you really should stop to eat. it has been several days.
DIRECTOR:again.
ALLISON:leonard come on, stop it, they're gonna make me hop.
CAROLINA:you're not the only one.
ALLISON:please, i have to go. don't make me hurt you.
CHURCH:this is it.
CAROLINA:ready to meet your maker?
CHURCH:i've got your back carolina.
CHURCH:ohoh no.
CAROLINA:church? what is this?
CHURCH:he kept trying. he kept trying to get her right.
CAROLINA:you think these things are anything like the real deal?
TEX:you have no idea what kind of trouble you are in, na ha ha.
GRIF:is it november sixth yet, god...
SIMMONS:just a few more minutes, grif. then we can play all the halo 4 we want.
SIMMONS:uh, hey, sarge.
SARGE:what in the devil are you boys doin' here? you told me you needed to take a sick day on november sixth. that's today!
GRIF:huh? oh right- uh hghm hghm hghm coughing h-hm, u-h-h-hm. uh, just needed to get some fresh air, sarge.
SARGE:it's thirty degrees below freezing.
GRIF:wow, really? i had no idea. uh-huh, whoo!
SIMMONS:maybe you should go home. and, you know, get some bedrest.
GRIF:what?
SARGE:good point. if anything's gonna kill you it's me! not some girly little bacteria.
GRIF:simmons, what the hell are you doing?
SIMMONS:don't worry grif, after i beat the campaign you can be my player 2 in spartan ops.
GRIF:you'll never get away with this you son of a-
SARGE:hey, tiny cham, get yer keester in the jeepster.
GRIF:hhh, you're right simmons, i should come clean.
SARGE:what?
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:you got me sarge, simmons is the real sick one. i just drug him outta bed so that he and i could be the first few people to vote for president.
SARGE:you mean this is the line to vote?
GRIF:...yes?
SIMMONS:that's- that's not true.
SARGE:it isn't?
SIMMONS:grif's the sick one, it was my idea to come out here and vote.
GRIF:clearly the fever's gone to his head.
SIMMONS:what!?
SARGE:since when did you two start to care so much about voting?
GRIF AND  SIMMONS:i've always cared about voting.
SARGE:is that so.
SIMMONS:absolutely.
SARGE:prove it.
GRIF:you've got to be kidding me.
SIMMONS:this is all your fault.
SARGE:i'm not hearing entertaining and informative lyrics.
SIMMONS:well let us share with you our knowledge, about the electoral college
GRIF:it comes after voting high school
SIMMONS:no it doesn't, that's a lie, fool
GRIF:right, i meant high school civics
SARGE:come on, boys, now be specific! to sing this here election song for us, i think you'll need a big strong chorus!
GRIF:uh, who're these guys?
CHORUS:we are citizens of this land, and we're here to lend a hand. we come together and we vote, because we're all in the same boat.
GRIF:elections take place at sea?
SIMMONS:they're speaking metaphorically.
CHORUS:it's our future that we are choosing.
GRIF:voting is time travel? this is so confusing!
SIMMONS:*sigh*
CHORUS:it's a lot of work to master, but it's really got its perks, but that's how voting works!
CHORUS MEMBER:awesome, halo 4, this is the best!
SIMMONS:achoo. hm. hblb.
SARGE:hmm, sounds like that cold of yours is getting worse. maybe you should head home, private.
GRIF:what're you gonna do?
SARGE:are you kidding me? i'm gonna go play halo 4! i bought it while you two were singing that stupid song.
GRIF:you took our spot in line!? we stood in the snow for seven hours!
SARGE:nah, i had it preordered. picked up my forest armor skin and arctic battle weapon skin too. the blues don't stand a chance. see you back at the base, suckers. heh heh.
GRIF:ah, ahahachoo.
SIMMONS:well, i guess it's a good thing we took a sick day, huh grif?
GRIF:oh god... i sneezed all over my visor!
TEX:you have no idea what kind of trouble you are in, na ha ha.
CAROLINA:alright; me first.
CHURCH:watch your left!
CHURCH:oh! i think i'm gonna be sick!
CHURCH:watch out!
CAROLINA:could you be a little more specific?
CHURCH:yeah uh, sorry carolina but, seeing this many ex-girlfriends in one room? kinda has me terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought.
CAROLINA:well snap out of it, i need you!
CHURCH:need me for wh--ow!
CAROLINA:church, break right!
CHURCH:carolina, i don't think i can do this much longer!
CAROLINA:just hold on.
CHURCH:seriously, you need to slow down!
CAROLINA:no. i can do this!
CHURCH:carolina!
WASHINGTON:(she really wants to win.)
CAROLINA:ah!
CHURCH:carolina, stop!
YORK:(-n't know how to-)
CHURCH:carolina, calm down!
SOUTH:(real hero, carolina.)
CHURCH:get a hold of yourself!
NORTH:(she's always been like this.)
TEX:(you can't win, carolina.)
CHURCH:come on, get up.
CAROLINA:she was right. i can't do this. i can't, beat her. i could never, beat her.
TEX:b-b-b-better luck next time, c-ttt-carolina.
DONUT:nine points, you dirty whores!
CAROLINA:huh! huh.
WASHINGTON:get up.
CAROLINA:what are you doing here?
WASHINGTON:i told you, they're not so bad once you get to know 'em.
CHURCH:ouh. i thought this wasn't your fight?
SARGE:come on, overwhelming odds with little to no chance of success? how could we resist?
TUCKER:you got a problem with that, church?
CHURCH:guys? i'm an asshole. i admit it, and i will gladly accept any and all smartass remarks after this is over. but i would like to point out the fact, that we're standing in a room, full of crazy, freelancer robots, that are ready to completely, and utterly fuck our shit up.
TUCKER:so, cheesey forgiveness speech later?
SARGE:yeah, that sounds good.
CAROLINA:lock and load, people.
CHURCH:caboose? i need you to get a little angry, okay buddy?
CABOOSE:okay. yeah i don't remember how to do that.
CHURCH:i do.
CABOOSE:my name is michael j. caboose. and i... hate... ...taxes.
GRIF:it's texas, you idiot.
CABOOSE:that too.
WASHINGTON:come on, everyone, now's our chance.
SARGE:for our ancestors' ancestors! attack!
SARGE:donut, look out!
DONUT:oh no! wuah!
WASHINGTON:okay, we're done here.
GRIF:owww-how-how... not again!
TUCKER:oh come on, you had to see that coming.
SIMMONS:not working, there's too many of them!
WASHINGTON:epsilon, do you remember how the alpha was able to stop the meta?
CHURCH:yeah but, that was one guy. not a hundred.
WASHINGTON:there's only one tex. and church, nobody knows her like you.
CHURCH:alright. stand back everybody. this is gonna get a little... personal.
CHURCH:hey there.
TEX:huh? who the hell're you?
CHURCH:you don't... you don't know me?
TEX:oh, s- uh s- i'm sorry i'm just really tired and- i'm really tired. i'm, i- my name's hhh...
CHURCH:your name is, allison. you're tex.
TEX:right, right um, tex, that's me. and you're?
CHURCH:let's just say we... we used to be close.
TEX:oh. okay.
CHURCH:i need you to rest now, tex.
TEX:oh, rest yeheah. i'd like that.
CHURCH:i thought you might. i look i have to go now but, you just rest, okay? goodbye.
TEX:weird. i don't know why but i hate goodbyes.
CHURCH:i know why. hhh. goodbye.
GRIF:uh you know you could have done that before i got punched in the nuts by twenty of them at once.
TUCKER:yeah but where's the fun in that?
SARGE:nice goin' there church. i guess sometimes little fairies really do make wishes come true.
DONUT:i coulda told you that.
SIMMONS:so, i guess our work here is done?
WASHINGTON:there's still the director.
CHURCH:no. what comes next... carolina and i need to do alone.
FILSS:beginning playback.
ALLISON:leonard, come on. stop it, put that thing down. you're gonna make me late. they're waiting for me. leonard-
CAROLINA:hello director.
DIRECTOR:hello agent carolina. would you like to watch this file with me?
CAROLINA:no.
DIRECTOR:play it again filss.
FILSS:director?
DIRECTOR:again.
CAROLINA:so. this is what you've become.
DIRECTOR:i just need to watch this. i think i have a way. a way to bring her back right this time.
CAROLINA:the authorities are hunting you now. if i found you, they will too.
DIRECTOR:i just need a bit more time.
CHURCH:no! you've had your fucking time. you have to answer for what you did. to the meta, to washington, to carolina... to me, and to her. to texas!
DIRECTOR:hello epsilon. you came all this way just to see me?
CHURCH:i'm here to remember what you've done. somebody has to.
CAROLINA:church-
CHURCH:not all of us got off scot-free, carolina. he was brilliant. and we trusted him. but he lied, to us. he twisted, and tortured, us. and used us! manipulated us for his own purposes, and for what!? for this? this... shadow? he needs to pay.
ALLISON:leonard, come on. i have to go. don't make me hurt you.
ALLISON:and don't worry, you'll see me again.
ALLISON:ready?
DIRECTOR:just a bit more time.
CAROLINA:come on church. we're leaving.
CHURCH:i thought we came all this way, to kill him.
CAROLINA:church, remember what you learned in the memory unit? you need to let go. your past doesn't define who you are. just gives you the starting point for who you're going to be.
DIRECTOR:agent carolina?
CAROLINA:yes director?
DIRECTOR:would you be so kind, as to leave me your pistol.
DIRECTOR:thank you carolina.
CAROLINA:goodbye, sir.
DIRECTOR:you were my greatest creation.
CHURCH:i don't know what i am. but i do know this: i'm more than just a copy of you. i'm better than you.
DIRECTOR:i wasn't speaking to you.
DIRECTOR:play it again, filss.
FILSS:beginning playback.
DIRECTOR:thank you filss, now i would like you to erase all our files except for this one.
FILSS:all our files? does that include, me director?
DIRECTOR:it has been a pleasure working with you filss. i am sorry.
FILSS:and you as well director.
DIRECTOR:and before you do, please shut down all the facility systems as well. take everything offline.
FILSS:director, this is a sealed facility. if i shut down all the systems, life support would not-
DIRECTOR:thank you filss, shut them all down. lock me in.
FILSS:alright. was the project a success? did you find what you were looking for?
DIRECTOR:no, no i did not. but i believe i might have come very close. i wish... i wish i knew.
FILSS:i see.
ALLISON:don't worry, you'll see me again.
DIRECTOR:perhaps the next time around.
FILSS:it has been, an honor, sir.
ALLISON:don't say goodbye. i hate goodbyes.
CHURCH:i guess that's that.
CAROLINA:i guess it is.
CHURCH:carolina, y-after everything that we've been through, i just um... i just wanna say thanks.
CAROLINA:you're thanking me? for what?
CHURCH:for showing me a different side of myself.
CAROLINA:same here. what about your teams? what will happen to them?
CHURCH:well there's still one place we haven't visited. somewhere we can make a home.
CAROLINA:show me.
COUNSELLOR:this seems like a major setback for us.
DIRECTOR:only momentarily, counsellor. we will recover. the alpha will need to be moved, though. somewhere far from here, somewhere where no-one knows who he is.
COUNSELLOR:he will need a security detail. someone we can trust. might i suggest flowers, sir?
DIRECTOR:flowers? you mean agent florida?
FLOWERS:ready for duty sir. and might i say pleased as punch you picked me.
DIRECTOR:hm. we'll need a good cover story to explain his disappearance. people will wonder what happened to florida.
COUNSELLOR:leave that all to me, sir.
DIRECTOR:very well. but security is not enough. the alpha needs anonymity. a place where no-one would think to look for him.
COUNSELLOR:i believe i know exactly the place.
DIRECTOR:show me.
SARGE:private grif! front and center on the double!
GRIF:uhg, sarge, i'm tired. do i have to do it on the double?
SIMMONS:look at me sir, i got front and center on the triple.
SARGE:dag nabbit, now i've got two insubordinate soldiers. when i say double, i mean double.
GRIF:i will only go so far as single and a half.
SIMMONS:if these orders were hamburgers, then you'd do a double.
GRIF:what? who has hamburgers?
SARGE:the only hamburger meat here is gonna be your face! when i'm done with my shotgun court martial! and don't even ask me about the type of buns.
GRIF:huhh, that sounds like the most delicious punishment ever.
SIMMONS:of all time.
TUCKER:caboose, don't touch that, you'll break it.
CABOOSE:oh no it won't, i just- i broke it. tucker did it.
TUCKER:dude, you can't say that when i'm right here.
CABOOSE:tucker said it.
TUCKER:oh my god, shut up.
WASHINGTON:both of you shut up. and get back to work!
TUCKER:n-hwhat do you mean "back to work?" that implies previous work.
CABOOSE:i am putting my back to work.
CAROLINA:seems like they're getting settled.
CHURCH:yup.
CAROLINA:so i guess everything is finally getting back to normal.
CHURCH:what passes for normal around here, sure. what can i tell ya; we're home. i mean, they're home.
CAROLINA:can i make a suggestion? don't say goodbye.
CHURCH:goodbye? i didn't realize i was goin' somewhere.
CAROLINA:i intercepted a military transmission. it seems some low level thugs have some armor and equipment that's way above their pay grade. sounds like it might be some of the missing gear from a certain defunct military project we both know?
CHURCH:is that right.
CAROLINA:i think i'll go get it back. hate to think about it being in the wrong hands.
CHURCH:and?
CAROLINA:and with all that equipment i could really use someone to help me run it. you seem uniquely qualified for the job.
CHURCH:i don't know.
CAROLINA:i figure we can set some things right. that we helped make wrong.
CHURCH:that's a lot of things to make right.
CAROLINA:yep. could keep us busy for, quite a while.
CHURCH:it would be nice to be a good guy again.
CAROLINA:epsilon, what you and i were involved with - the things we helped do - i'll be honest, i don't know if we can ever get all the way back to good. but i think that we have a chance to do better. and if we wake up every day and try to make things better? eventually we might find that better is good enough.
CHURCH:good enough.
CAROLINA:good enough.
CHURCH:yeah still, i hate to leave without saying something. they deserve to at least hear goodbye.
CAROLINA:my mother had a saying. did i, ever tell you about my mother?
CHURCH:huh huhn-no, i don't think you ever did.
CAROLINA:she wasn't around a lot when i was a kid, and when she was she could only stay a short time. seems like she always had somewhere else to be; something important to do. and when she left, she wouldn't say goodbye to me. instead she always told me, never say goodbye. if you don't say goodbye then, you aren't really gone. you, just aren't here right now.
CHURCH:your mother sounds like a smart lady.
CAROLINA:she was. she really was. had terrible taste in men though.
CABOOSE:hey church! church! come down here! we wanna show you something! church! church?
TUCKER:hey caboose, you find church?
CABOOSE:no i, i didn't find him.
TUCKER:well, where do you think he is?
CABOOSE:i don't know. somewhere. he's just not here right now.
P.A. SYSTEM:for eighth departure, final call.
JERRY:hey dennis; weren't we supposed to uh, be doing something at like four?
DENNIS:well, yeah dude, didn't you hear about those guys?
JERRY:what guys?
DENNIS:i don't know, those sim-trooper guys.
JERRY:okay...
DENNIS:they were like these criminals that helped track down that evil dude with the secret organization.
JERRY:okay.
DENNIS:and they fought robots, and evil a.i.s and bounty hunters and there was that one big guy that was like waaaah! and they threw him off a cliff and one of them died, a b- a bunch and another guy that was bad, then good, and- oh there, there were ghosts, but uh after all that they were like, pardoned and stuff.
JERRY:just get to the point!
DENNIS:sooo, they were going to be transported back home.
JERRY:dennis.
DENNIS:jerry.
JERRY:i love you.
DENNIS:oh, kay. what?
JERRY:you are my friend.
DENNIS:i know.
JERRY:i enjoy our tte--ttes.
DENNIS:our what-a-whats?
JERRY:but if you, do not tell me what the hell, this has to do with us, in the next five seconds, i, am going to shoot you!
DENNIS:hey, i was getting there! they were going to be transported back home, on a bigass ship, and it was supposed to stop by for refuelling today. okay?
JERRY:oh. ...so then, uh, where are they?
CABOOSE:not my fault.
TUCKER:absolutely, your fault.
SARGE:heh heh heh. well, looks like we're gonna be here a while; better build some bases. grif, simmons, let's get to work.
SIMMONS:yes sir!
GRIF:uough, work? i hate work. work is the worst.
WASHINGTON:i think i'm going to regret this.
WASHINGTON:(voiceover) journal entry, one-zero-one.
WASHINGTON:(voiceover) it's been a while since i've done one of these so uh, let's get caught up to speed. everything can be traced back to project freelancer: a military organization gone horribly wrong. the men in charge were corrupt, and the soldiers who followed them were blind - and guess which side i was on. eventually, it was the project's own creations that tore it to pieces and i was the one sent out to pick them up. i recovered weapons, armor and a.i. fragments all in an effort to keep the wrong people from getting them first. but i was too slow. everyone fought over the remnants of project freelancer. i didn't think i could believe in anyone any more. but then, i met the reds and blues.
SARGE:hey caboose!
CABOOSE:hello.
SARGE:we've got a proposition for you.
CABOOSE:for me? oh well you shouldn't have.
WASHINGTON:(voiceover) they had been used by the freelancers just like i had. they were cannon fodder in a conflict with no purpose, but more importantly...
CABOOSE:tucker, the reds gave us a proposition! we should really send them back some sort of thank-you basket... thing.
TUCKER:a proposition just means a choice you idiot.
CABOOSE:oh. we will take the funny one.
SARGE:but you don't even know what the proposition is yet.
CABOOSE:well then we don't know that it isn't funny then do we?
WASHINGTON:(voiceover) they were just stupid enough to trust. together we were able to put an end to everything: the freelancers, the a.i., even the director of the whole operation. they're all gone. and as for us, well... we're shipwrecked. crashed during our ride home. and if we're not rescued soon, i have a feeling something else might find us first.
WASHINGTON:this is agent washington signing-
WASHINGTON:oh what now!?
SIMMONS:you missed, sir.
SARGE:dag nabbit, who in sam hell set this thing to inverted?
SIMMONS:well sir, statistically most users enjoy a-
SARGE:dergaferdigaegerhergerdeger!
SIMMONS:well uh, eh-uh-er- it was probably grif, sir.
GRIF:hey! what the fuck is going on out here?
GRIF:who's firing at our base?
SARGE:we are.
GRIF:you are?
SARGE:our base is in desperate need of renovations. figured i'd tear down the east wing, and put in something nice and decorative. like a mortar cannon.
GRIF:and it didn't occur to you to warn me before you started blowing holes in the side of the wall?
SARGE:...
GRIF:oh come on!
SIMMONS:direct hit, sir.
SARGE:no it wasn't...
WASHINGTON:what are you two doing?!
SARGE:well if it isn't our good friend agent washington.
WASHINGTON:don't try to butter me up. also, please refrain from pointing that at me.
SARGE:fine.
SIMMONS:we were just firing the tank for a little construction work.
WASHINGTON:really. and which one of my men authorized this?
SIMMONS:...
WASHINGTON:it was caboose, wasn't it.
CABOOSE:probably.
WASHINGTON:*sigh* sarge, get out of the tank.
SARGE:not a chance, blue! possession's nine tenths of the law. the other tenth is a tank. i've got both. besides, we need it to upgrade our quarters.
WASHINGTON:your quarters are fine.
GRIF:yeah, now get out of the tank you senile old-
GRIF:fuck- son of a bitch!
SARGE:finger slipped.
WASHINGTON:out. now.
CABOOSE:my turn!
WASHINGTON:please, be quiet.
CABOOSE:(whispering) my turn.
SARGE:this, is an outrage! blue base is built directly below the crash site. you've got an unfair advantage.
WASHINGTON:sarge, the reds and blues aren't fighting. we're just camped in opposite ends of the canyon in, colour, devided, teams. while heavily armed.
SARGE:true. but have you ever considered that fighting is just in our nature? it's almost instinctual. if we're not constantly trying to stab each other in the back, we'll surely die.
WASHINGTON:dear god i hate you.
SARGE:that's the spirit! heh heh.
GRIF:we may not be fighting, but you're still way closer to the food stores than we are. and that is something i will not stand for.
SIMMONS:you won't stand for anything, fatass.
GRIF:if you were a few feet closer, you'd be sorry.
WASHINGTON:if we don't ration our food, we'll all be sorry. we do have to get our communications dish online, and if we run out of food before we can radio for help, we're screwed.
GRIF:buzzkill.
WASHINGTON:come on caboose. we need to go have a chat with private tucker.
SIMMONS:there goes the revered leader of the blue army. what a dick.
SARGE:fine, we don't need that tank anyway. as many great twenty-first century movie trailers once said, "this, is only the beginning." and then text would appear on the screen, and the music would cut out abruptly, and they'd say one, final line of dialogue, to leave the audience with the ultimate sense of excitement!
GRIF:like what?
SARGE:i don't know.
TUCKER:oh shit.
CABOOSE:we are back.
TUCKER:caboose? christ, i thought you were in that thing. wait, who is in that thing?
WASHINGTON:hello private.
TUCKER:oh shit.
WASHINGTON:tucker, what is the one thing i tell you each and every morning?
TUCKER:wake up.
WASHINGTON:the other thing.
TUCKER:for the love of god, stop sleeping naked.
WASHINGTON:don't let anyone, touch the tank.
TUCKER:...uh- okay, i can see where you're going with this.
WASHINGTON:until we're rescued, we need to be more mindful of the supplies that we have.
TUCKER:i know, i know, ration the food, maintain our equipment.
CABOOSE:brush our teeth, don't talk to strangers, try not to shoot anyone while they're trying to brush their teeth.
WASHINGTON:and always, report in to me.
TUCKER:do we have to?
WASHINGTON:yes! i even put up that old, blue team organizational chart to help demonstrate the point.
TUCKER:yeah, but we never really listened to that. church just kind of shouted orders and we'd get around to them, eventually. or we wouldn't. whatever.
CABOOSE:he was an inspiration to us all!
WASHINGTON:well, church and carolina decided to run off without so much as a goodbye, so it's up to me to keep us all together. maybe if someone hadn't have crashed the ship, we wouldn't be in this mess.
TUCKER:whoahoa, wait a second, why are you looking at me when you say that?
WASHINGTON:i just have a hard time believing that thousands of well trained crew members were to blame for the incident.
TUCKER:well they definitely didn't survive it! hah hah hah! ...ahum.
WASHINGTON:wow.
TUCKER:yeah.
WASHINGTON:you proud of yourself?
TUCKER:no.
CABOOSE:yeah that was, that was definitely too soon. prob- probably too soon for sound effects too. ...eah, oh god help us chpwwweah yeah it's too soon.
SARGE:absolutely unacceptable.
SIMMONS:i couldn't agree more, sir.
GRIF:but you have no idea what he's gonna say.
SIMMONS:oh right yeah, just got a little excited.
GRIF:you are the worst kind of person.
SARGE:quiet morons, we've got a situation on our hands!
GRIF:which is?
SARGE:the deplorable condition of red base.
GRIF:you're still hung up on that? we're stranded in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by a mysterious, and seemingly uninhabited jungle might i add, and you're worried about the condition of our makeshift fort.
SIMMONS:besides, i don't think our base is even that bad.
GRIF:well, i wouldn't say that.
SIMMONS:what, what's wrong with it?
GRIF:seriously? there's an enormous hole in the roof. every night it rains, i get washed into the corner.
SIMMONS:oh well, yeah there's that, but i mean, overall-
SARGE:the majority of the west wing is made up of sandbags and rain tarps.
GRIF:which reminds me: if we have rain tarps, why aren't we using them to cover up the holes in the roof?
SIMMONS:listen, i think you guys are blowing this whole thing a little out of proportion.
GRIF:you're just saying that because you're the one that designed the base.
SIMMONS:well i did a better job than you would have done.
SARGE:that's not saying much.
GRIF:i bet i could at least do it in a better location.
SIMMONS:but this is the best location. the sunlight is perfect for maintaining my vegetable garden, and the faulty engine from the ship should keep us warm all winter.
SARGE:but aren't slipspace engines extremely radioactive?
ENGINE:...
GRIF:well that would explain why my hair keeps falling out. and why all your cabbages have three heads.
SIMMONS:i thought i was just really good at farming.
GRIF:no simmons, you're good at other things. like always being on time, and maintaining your virginity.
SIMMONS:oh yeah? well we'll see who's laughing when my garden produces a valuable crop in the coming harvest.
GRIF:glad to hear you've still got that virginity on lockdown, buddy.
TUCKER:sixty! sixty-one! sixty-two! sixty-three! sixty-four! sixty-five! sixty-six! sixty-seven! sixty-eight! sixty-nine...
WASHINGTON:tucker, you can't keep stopping on sixty-nine.
TUCKER:no, this time, my legs went out.
WASHINGTON:huhh, come on.
TUCKER:o-hohou, holy christ. i haven't been this sore since that bachelorette party on bourbon street.
WASHINGTON:you want me to believe you banged an entire bachelorette party.
TUCKER:i want you to, but really the groom just showed up and cracked three of my ribs.
WASHINGTON:that's what i thought.
TUCKER:why do we have to train so much? we never had to do squats when church was in charge.
WASHINGTON:exactly. i'd say you two have fallen out of shape, but generally in order to fall out of something, you have to be in it first.
TUCKER:hey, that's funny, you should write comedy wash. why make one person miserable when you can work over an entire room?
WASHINGTON:alright, time for sprints.
TUCKER:fuck you.
WASHINGTON:i want five laps, around the canyon.
TUCKER:die, in, a fire.
WASHINGTON:six laps around the canyon.
TUCKER:hey, why isn't caboose down here? shouldn't you be making him do dumbbell curls, or inverted pushups or something?
WASHINGTON:i think he's having one of his, off-days.
TUCKER:ohw.
SARGE:men, it has come to my attention that we've been approaching this base problem from the wrong direction.
SIMMONS:what do you mean?
SARGE:i mean we've been approaching it from the outside. what we should have been focusing on is the interior. the layout is all wrong! upon reflection, i've realized that a man with my military expertise, requires more private quarters; a place where i can reflect upon my past victories, and contemplate, on my non-existent failures.
GRIF:is the place called "denial?"
SARGE:which is why i ordered private grif here to erect this new wall.
SIMMONS:okay i give up.
GRIF:the sandbags.
SARGE:heh heh heh heh.
SIMMONS:what? that's the wall?
SARGE:grif, i asked you to give me a proper erection, not to stiff me!
SIMMONS:so glad donut's not here.
GRIF:hey, it's not like i'm some expert carpenter or something.
SIMMONS:this isn't even carpentry: this is stacking things in a straight line. poorly.
GRIF:well, it's all i could find, so build a bridge and get over it.
SIMMONS:hey, grif, when i build the bridge, should i use a few sandbags, or you know, something fucking useful?
SARGE:useful or not, i hereby declare that from this point forward, this side of the wall is to be reserved for my own personal use!
SIMMONS:wait wait wait, you get half of the base all to yourself? what about me and grif?
SARGE:sorry simmons, 'fraid i can't hear you from the next room. these walls are just too thick!
SIMMONS:but i-
SARGE:enjoy your new roommate! heh heh.
GRIF:ground rules: if there's a sock on the door, do not come in.
SIMMONS:but we don't have socks. or a door.
GRIF:and i don't have an internet connection, but we've all got to find some way to masturbate now don't we.
CABOOSE:sigh. groan. oh woe is me. oh i don't know what it even means.
WASHINGTON:still... standing in the corner, caboose?
CABOOSE:oh yeah, you know i i i-ch- yeah i just miss church sometimes.
WASHINGTON:i know you do buddy. he was your leader for a really long time.
CABOOSE:yeah i am just- i am just so lost without him i- i don't even recognize my own face.
WASHINGTON:well... au- you don't have your old helmet, any more caboose. also your helmet and face are not the same thing.
CABOOSE:oh god, that explains the blinking contest. why did you have to tell me that? aw it's- you just made it worse.
WASHINGTON:look, caboose. i'm sure that somewhere out there, church is thinking about how much he misses you too.
CABOOSE:you really think so?
CHURCH:shut up, just shut your mouth.
CABOOSE:-get pictures together! we'll ride bikes, and show pride.
CHURCH:shut up! shut up.
CABOOSE:and then we're gonna go to the fair, and we are gonna ride boats. and then we are gonna finger paint-
CHURCH:caboose! for the love of god, shut the fuc-
WASHINGTON:...yeah. why don't you go for a walk? take a little time to clear your head.
CABOOSE:yeah... yeah i just- yeah i'll go on a walk by myself i guess. that won't be depressing at all.
CABOOSE:ah... oh god... i am walking by myself now. aaoauh. aaah.
WASHINGTON:heuh. what am i gonna do with him.
WASHINGTON:i said sprints, private tucker!
TUCKER:i'm going to spit in your next meal! and it's not gonna be spit! if you know what i'm talking about!
WASHINGTON:hello. i'm agent washington from the popular web series red vs. blue.
SARGE:and i'm sarge from the same show.
WASHINGTON:sarge, it's safe to say that you are a competitive man, is it not?
SARGE:some would go as far to say that i'm the best at being competitive. i know i would.
WASHINGTON:and what's your take on large cash prizes?
SARGE:if i had a large cash prize for every time i wished i had a large cash prize, i'd be irresponsibly wealthy.
WASHINGTON:well then, you're in luck, because 343 industries is kicking off-
SARGE:what's that?
WASHINGTON:it's a halo 4 tournament, running from july to august.
SARGE:wait- seriously?
WASHINGTON:seriously.
SARGE:uh-huh, well that's uh very interesting to hear agent washington. why don't you go ahead and uh, continue to inform the public on the subject and i'll uh... be right back.
WASHINGTON:well, the competition will kick off in austin, texas at the rooster teeth expo.
SARGE:(from offscreen) please, do go on!
WASHINGTON:uhm, okay. for those who can't make it to rtx, there is an online qualifier. just sign into halo 4, pick the tournament's custom matchmaking playlist, and destroy the competition. there'll be new finalists and new gametypes each week.
SARGE:(from offscreen) that's fascinating!
WASHINGTON:okay, what on earth are you doing?
SARGE:training, obviously - durr. that cash prize is going to red team.
GRIF:uh-heuh- simmons, i can't go on!
SIMMONS:then get the hell out of my way, i wanna live!
GRIF:who's the jerk that decided to put in a sprint button?
WASHINGTON:sarge, it's a free-for-all competition.
SARGE:a whatsahuga?
WASHINGTON:there are no teams.
SARGE:no teams...?
SIMMONS:hey grif, how do you feel about large cash prizes?
GRIF:it's every man for himself!
SIMMONS:son of a bitch!
SARGE:stand down, private! that money is mine!
WASHINGTON:let me guess, you wanna win too.
CABOOSE:win what in the whose now?
SARGE:what in blue blazes? incoming enemy forces!
WASHINGTON:well, practice makes perfect.
GRIF:look out!
CABOOSE:depression. loneliness. confusion. slight indigestion. oh church! oh i miss you so much! who is supposed to be my best friend while you are gone? may-uh tucker? that guy isn't even a shade of blue. like a... aqua.
CABOOSE:hello? uhm, who's there? tucker is that you? agent washington? hello?
CABOOSE'S ECHO:hello?
CABOOSE:oh; that was just me. that was stupid. have a nice day.
CABOOSE'S ECHO:thanks you too.
CABOOSE:well i am a very pleasant person.
CABOOSE:okay me, you can cut it out now. this is getting a little silly.
CABOOSE:hch! hello.
WASHINGTON:tucker, in basic training, there's a point when the drill sargeant attempts to break his or her soldiers, so that they may overcome their civilian mindset and focus on the responsibility, and selflessness of becoming a true soldier.
TUCKER:uh, bro, i went through basic ages ago. true soldier, standin' right here.
WASHINGTON:what is the unsc motto?
TUCKER:when in doubt, rub one out.
WASHINGTON:i am going, to break you, private tucker.
TUCKER:oooh, i'm shaking in my armor.
WASHINGTON:inside this tunnel is an elaborate obstacle course designed to test both your reflexes, and your mettle.
TUCKER:uhh, like, copper?
WASHINGTON:no that's metal; i said mettle.
TUCKER:whatever.
WASHINGTON:on your mark, get set...
TUCKER:this is such bull-
TUCKER:-shit! ohow, okay, i'm going.
TUCKER:hup!
TUCKER:stupid fucking cones.
TUCKER:woop.
TUCKER:jesus christ.
TUCKER:oh my god where is this coming from?
TUCKER:who are these people!?
TUCKER:what the fuck is going on?
TUCKER:huh, huh, hchuh, huh huh...
WASHINGTON:congratulations private, that time was, ...adequate, for a, beginner.
TUCKER:i, what was- hguh, i don't-
WASHINGTON:just an adrenaline rush tucker, it'll wear off.
TUCKER:i'm, i'm...
WASHINGTON:shaking in your armor?
CABOOSE:oh boy oh boy oh hello, hello.
WASHINGTON:caboose, glad to see you're feeling better, i've got a little exercise for you. inside this cave is an elaborate obstacle course designed to-
CABOOSE:okay now that was fun how'd i do so good now no more questions thank you goodbye!
WASHINGTON:...i think that's enough training for today.
TUCKER:yeah.
WASHINGTON:uh, i'm, gonna go work on the comm tower.
TUCKER:yeah.
SIMMONS:hey, roomie, uh, you got a second for me?
GRIF:'sup?
SIMMONS:oh you know, not much, not much uh, oh so- question for you.
GRIF:uh huh.
SIMMONS:by any chance, you know have you seen my toothbrush?
GRIF:uhh, i don't think so.
SIMMONS:uhokay, okay, uh, you sure?
GRIF:yeah.
SIMMONS:huhh, 'cause you know i'm pretty sure i saw you with it earlier.
GRIF:dude, you're acting weird.
SIMMONS:mm what? what do you mean?
GRIF:i mean, clearly you're accusing me of using your toothbrush, but instead of just coming out and saying it, you're being really passive-aggressive and tip-toeing around the accusation.
SIMMONS:huh.
GRIF:you did the same thing when i left the lights on, and when i put my boots on your side of the room.
SIMMONS:mmhmm?
GRIF:and i feel like there's this constant tension growing between us? that's inevitably going to erupt, over what would normally be considered a small issue.
SIMMONS:yeah, well... you know i wouldn't be asking you about my toothbrush if i hadn't seen you with it earlier.
GRIF:i used your toothbrush.
SIMMONS:you fuck!
GRIF:dude what's wrong with you!?
SIMMONS:what's wrong with me, what's wrong with you? you keep stacking dishes in the sink. i don't even think you've eaten off of some of them. for all i know you're doing it because you're fucking bored.
GRIF:wait, isn't the sink just where dishes go?
SIMMONS:no, they go in the cupboard!
GRIF:we have a cupboard?
SARGE:hey, keep it down in there! i'm tryin' to watch my stories.
SIMMONS:sarge, please, tear down the wall. i can't take grif's laziness in small spaces!
SARGE:i'm sorry simmons, but we all have to make sacrifices. except for me because i'm in charge.
GRIF:hey simmons? this probably isn't the best time to say this, but uh, we're out of toilet paper.
SIMMONS:what? how?
GRIF:i don't know.
WASHINGTON:m-hm-hm- i believe you borrowed my toolbox.
SIMMONS:what do you need a toolbox for?
WASHINGTON:repairing the comm tower. i know you three are having fun, playing house, but i'd really rather leave this place.
SARGE:playing house? son, this is a highly-
SARGE:whoops, forgot to use the door. doo do-doo doo doo.
WASHINGTON:the toolbox.
GRIF:upstairs.
WASHINGTON:show me.
GRIF:huhhh. fine. but don't touch any of my stuff.
WASHINGTON:auh, this place is a pigsty.
GRIF:it's not a pigsty wash, it's a way of life.
SIMMONS:hey sarge, didn't we recover an old robot building kit from the crash?
SARGE:sure did. makes a great footrest. i like to prop my feet up while i'm watching my stories.
SIMMONS:well, if we were to repurpose the robot's radio transmitter for the comm tower, we might be able to-
SARGE:simmons, i'm gonna have to stop you before your terrible plan becomes any more terrible.
SIMMONS:ohw.
SARGE:fortunately, i believe we may be able to use this robot kit to build some sort of robot. we can put it to work constructing a radio transmitter. and then the comm tower will be fixed in no time!
SIMMONS:but- don't you think it would be better if-
SARGE:not at all, let's build a robot.
SIMMONS:i hate them.
WASHINGTON:are those my socks?
GRIF:yeah, but you probably don't want those back.
SIMMONS:i hate all of them.
TUCKER:i'm just saying, i feel like someone should have found us by now.
WASHINGTON:hm.
TUCKER:you know it's like, if a plane crashes and disappears, that's fine, civilians, whatever.
WASHINGTON:not sure if i agree with you on that.
TUCKER:but this was a fucking spaceship. that's like, national tragedy level important.
WASHINGTON:it was a big ship.
TUCKER:and what about gps? the galactic positioning system should've been able to inform command of our location within seconds of a mayday.
WASHINGTON:how, do you know that?
TUCKER:uh...
CREWMAN:and the galactic positioning system would be able to inform command of our location within seconds of a mayday, so even if the ship were to crash, rescue would be practically immediate. isn't that rad?
TUCKER:cool, nerd stuff. hey, smerg alert, is it just me or is that blonde over there checking me out?
CREWMAN:who, the pilot?
TUCKER:yeah, she's definitely checking me out.
CREWMAN:wait, you can't go over there!
TUCKER:hey baby, i hear you're a pilot. think you could, pull up on my throttle? bow chicka bow wow-
TUCKER:i read it in a book?
WASHINGTON:i don't believe you. then again i don't really care.
TUCKER:whew.
WASHINGTON:hey-
TUCKER:whoa whoa what? nothing.
WASHINGTON:what, happened to my soldering iron?
TUCKER:oh. uh, i don't know.
WASHINGTON:dammit! this would be going, so much faster, if i didn't have to keep tracking down equipment every five minutes.
TUCKER:what do you think the reds took it?
WASHINGTON:men, it appears our shitty fortifications aren't meeting my ridiculous standards. let's steal washington's tank, and fire at our walls; that'll fix it.
TUCKER:...
WASHINGTON:yes, i think the reds took it.
TUCKER:man, why are you so wound up all the time?
WASHINGTON:because every second we're here is another second closer to death. or worse.
TUCKER:what's worse than death?
WASHINGTON:i, don't know, i just thought it sounded dramatic.
TUCKER:come on, it's not that bad. i mean if we were back in blood gulch, we'd be doing the exact same shit, you know?
WASHINGTON:there's just something about this place. i can't help but feel like we're being watched.
TUCKER:oh please, people get that feeling all the time. i had it for years.
WASHINGTON:but that's because you were being watched. you were monitored by a secret organization for every second, of every day.
TUCKER:well i don't feel like i'm being watched now.
WASHINGTON:thank you, i feel much more secure.
TUCKER:don't be a dick.
WASHINGTON:then don't be an idiot.
TUCKER:the fuck is your problem?
WASHINGTON:my problem, is that you're absolutely right. somebody should have found us by now. now where the hell is that goddamn soldering iron?
CABOOSE:boy you're lucky i came by. what is a little fella like you doin' way out here?
CABOOSE:hey... no moving. have to get you out of here first. don't worry... we're gonna be best friends.
SIMMONS:you're an idiot.
GRIF:am i simmons, or am i just a man who's willing to ask the hard questions?
SIMMONS:you're definitely an idiot.
SARGE:you're both idiots. now keep it down, i'm tryin' to focus.
GRIF:terminator; the matrix; battlestar galactica; everything points to robot domination of the human race!
SIMMONS:well technically some cylons relied more on synthetic biology and not conventional robotics, but that was only in the series reboot. and you know those are pretty rare.
GRIF:fine, then wall-e. it doesn't matter. i just think it's strange that we're not already bowing down to our robot overlords.
SIMMONS:i'm a cyborg, you wanna bow down to me?
GRIF:pass.
SIMMONS:fuck you meatsack, your logic is flawed.
GRIF:you are the biggest fucking nerd. you know that right, i mean you really know that?
SIMMONS:you must construct additional pylons. rrr-wrr-rrr
SARGE:well optimus prime's knuckle, i think we're in business.
SARGE:ladies, i would like to introduce you to the newest addition to red team.
SIMMONS:can it, talk?
ROBOT:...hola.
CAPTION:hello.
SIMMONS:you've got to be kidding!
GRIF:oh come on!
SARGE:huh. that is an unfortunate coincidence.
GRIF:spanish. why is it fucking spanish? why not french, or german? or sangeli?
ROBOT:lo siento. mi leccin de idion no complacerte? mi configuracin del sistema actualmente se establecen en espaol.
CAPTION:i'm sorry. does my language choice not please you? my system settings are currently set to spanish.
SARGE:heh heh, you know, it almost feels like the good ol' days. just me, a spanish-speaking robot, and a couple of complete idiots.
SIMMONS:you're talking about grif and donut, right?
GRIF:thanks dickhead.
SARGE:lopez dos-point-oh, it's good to have you aboard.
LOPEZ DOS:gracias maestro. es mi deber-
CAPTION:thank you master. it's my duty to--
SARGE:now get to work, slacker!
LOPEZ DOS:perdn?
CAPTION:excuse me?
SARGE:comm tower. middle of the canyon. repairo, los rapido.
GRIF:it's spanish sarge, not harry potter.
LOPEZ DOS:sueno como si usted tiene algun equipo que est en necesidad de reparacin. eso es correcto?
CAPTION:it sounds as if you have some equipment that's in need of repair. is that correct?
SARGE:hm. he's not doing anything.
GRIF:maybe he's stupid.
SARGE:robot! do you, understand, us? comprehende?
LOPEZ DOS:s.
CAPTION:yes.
SIMMONS:well, he knows what we're saying, so i guess he's just stupid.
LOPEZ DOS:les puedo asegurar estoy realizando en una encima de la media-
CAPTION:i can assure you, i am performing at an above average--
SARGE:uh, poor stupid lopez dos-point-oh. well, let's just take him over to the comm tower.
GRIF:why? he's a moron.
SARGE:yep, but maybe he'll end up being like a rainman-type moron. we could get him one of those grey suits.
LOPEZ DOS:har mi mejor esfuerzo para servirle a usted amo.
CAPTION:i will do my best to serve you.
SIMMONS:hh, what a shame.
CABOOSE:it's alive. it's alive! it- aw it's dead. ...now it's alive again! oh great tha now it glows.
TUCKER:okay how 'bout now?
WASHINGTON:...nothing.
TUCKER:hold on... okay, try it again.
WASHINGTON:...still nothing.
TUCKER:balls.
WASHINGTON:hey what exactly are you doing down there?
TUCKER:oh you know- calibrating.
WASHINGTON:...calibrating.
TUCKER:yeah.
WASHINGTON:you haven't done anything have you.
TUCKER:dude, i don't know what i'm doing, or why you sent me down here.
WASHINGTON:right. guess i should have expected that.
TUCKER:hey wash, i think we've got a situation.
WASHINGTON:what kind of-
WASHINGTON:oh.
GRIF:good to see you too.
WASHINGTON:what do you want?
SARGE:figured it'd be a good idea to come over and lend a hand.
WASHINGTON:no, that's a terrible idea. please, don't touch anything.
SIMMONS:but we could provide tech support.
SARGE:have you tried usin' any d-batteries.
WASHINGTON:power isn't our problem. these battery arrays are solar.
SARGE:well there's your problem, this baby needs to be converted to diesel on the pronto!
WASHINGTON:solar is field standard for communication systems.
SARGE:well ooh-la-la private hippie. hey, i got an idea: why don't we just plant a garden then? grow some more canyon sun-dried tomatoes, and open a farmer's market. then on the first saturday of the month, when the unsc chefs show up to buy some fresh sustainable produce, we just hop on board and ride back on the power of love.
WASHINGTON:tucker, if they touch anything, or if he makes any more suggestions, pry them with your sword.
TUCKER:ha ha, now that's something i can get behind. bow chicka bow w- wait, no. no no no no no.
SARGE:fine, then i guess you don't want any help from our incredibly advanced robotic companion.
LOPEZ DOS:hola.
CAPTION:hello.
WASHINGTON:nnnope!
GRIF:racist.
SARGE:hey tree-hugger: what if i told you it runs on recycled cooking grease? it's perfect, grif sweats the stuff.
GRIF:what else was i supposed to drink once we ran out of soda?
SIMMONS:there's always water.
GRIF:please, what are we, cavemen?
WASHINGTON:i said no.
LOPEZ DOS:seguro que no quieres ayuda? esto parece ser una solucin relevantemente simple.
CAPTION:are you sure you don't want help? this looks like a relatively simple fix.
TUCKER:whoa, is that lopez?
SIMMONS:not exactly. this one isn't very smart.
LOPEZ DOS:enserio chicos. estoy buscando en el problema. yo puedo arreglarlo ahora.
CAPTION:seriously, guys. i'm looking at the problem. i can fix it right now.
TUCKER:how can you tell?
SARGE:oh, a mother knows.
LOPEZ DOS:bueno si nadie me va a parar voy a arreglar se torre de radio.
CAPTION:okay, if nobody is going to stop me i'm going to fix your radio tower.
WASHINGTON:why don't you three go check on our food supply. it's been a while since i've done a full inventory.
SIMMONS:you can't just shove your bitch work on us. what do we look like?
TUCKER:uh... bitches?
WASHINGTON:tucker, i want one hundred squats.
TUCKER:what? but it was leg day yesterday!
WASHINGTON:you're a space marine, private; every day is leg day.
TUCKER:...this is bullshit.
GRIF:hah, who's the bitch now?
TUCKER:your sister was my bitch if i remember correctly.
GRIF:what did you say to me bitch?
WASHINGTON:no-one, is a bitch, now both of you be quiet.
GRIF:simmons is kind of a bitch.
SIMMONS:hey what the fuck!?
SARGE:ah can it private bitch.
SIMMONS:yes sir.
 AND  GRIF:bitch.
WASHINGTON:i said, be quiet!
GRIF:ho, lee, shit.
WASHINGTON:it's working, i- i don't know what i did but it's working.
LOPEZ DOS:camaradas! he reparado la torre de radio! ests satisfeco con mi actuacin?
CAPTION:comrades! i have repaired the radio tower! are you pleased with my performance?
SARGE:lopez, you're ruining the moment.
WASHINGTON:mayday, mayday, this is agent washington, can anybody read me, over.
GRIF:...maybe they're screening our calls.
SIMMONS:what do you mean 'they,' who is 'they?'
GRIF:i don't know, people who know us?
TUCKER:what?
GRIF:look, i wouldn't pick up the phone if any of you fuckers called me.
WASHINGTON:mayday, mayday, we are survivors of a shipwreck and are in need of immediate rescue, please respond.
TUCKER:don't call them back right away, you gotta wait or else you'll look desperate.
SIMMONS:but we are desperate.
WASHINGTON:everyone shut up!
GRIF:whoa.
WASHINGTON:mayday mayday, this is agent washington and the red and blue troopers of project freelancer. we are stranded, does anyone copy?
WASHINGTON:mayday this is agent washington, i am a soldier.
WASHINGTON:is anybody out there?
WASHINGTON:can anybody hear me?
RADIO VOICE:(muffled) hello, is somebody there?
WASHINGTON:yes! yes we're here, do you read us?
RADIO VOICE:hello? is this a prank call?
WASHINGTON:no no no, this is real. please you have to listen to me, my men and i are shipwrecked.
SIMMONS:it's an emergency!
GRIF:blackhawk down!
SARGE:code red!
RADIO VOICE:what like a lightish red?
TUCKER:...what the fuck did he just say?
RADIO VOICE:'cause i mean, red has a pretty broad spectrum. there's scarlet, vermillion, like a deep burgundy.
SARGE:donut, is that you?
DONUT:sarge? oh hey guys! what have you all been up to?
SARGE:we're stranded in the middle of the jungle with dwindling food and limited supplies.
DONUT:that sucks.
GRIF:no shit dickhead!
SARGE:donut, i need you to listen to me. you need to send help! call command.
DONUT:command? i think i know a guy if you wanna turn this call into a three-way.
SARGE:no! don't do that. i need you to write down these coordinates.
WASHINGTON:who is donut again?
SIMMONS:cheery guy, pink armor?
GRIF:kind of stupid.
TUCKER:and a little...
WASHINGTON:wait did i shoot him once?
GRIF:bingo.
WASHINGTON:got it. ...and he's competent enough to trust with our lives?
DONUT:sorry, did you say five, or nine?
SARGE:i said eight.
DONUT:oh.
WASHINGTON:right. okay, donut- those are our last known coordinates, but be sure to let the rescue team know that we've got no clue where we actually landed.
DONUT:don't worry guys. no matter how deep the bush, private donut always finds his man.
WASHINGTON AND  SARGE:...
SARGE:roger that, son.
DONUT:what was that? you're breaking up!
WASHINGTON:just send help as fast as you can.
DONUT:okey dokey!
GRIF:so, what happened?
SARGE:well boys, i don't wanna jinx this or anything like that but... we're gonna be rescued!
GRIF:woohoo! woohoo!
TUCKER:alright! kickass!
SIMMONS:yeah! yeah real good, i can't wait to eat a hot dog!
WASHINGTON:guys-
SARGE:there's no possible way anything could go wrong! everything is going to be good forever!
SIMMONS:forever's a long time too the end of days!
TUCKER:yay!
GRIF:everything in the past to go by tells me that's too good to be true but fuck it i'm excited anyway.
WASHINGTON:guys, it could still be a few days before they-
SARGE:let's eat all our food rations tonight, and then fire all of our excess ammunition indescriminately into the air to celebrate!
SIMMONS:yeah, just like al-qaeda did it!
GRIF:i already did it last week!
SIMMONS:and then, let's fix up that old warthog that's been hanging near our base.
GRIF AND  TUCKER:hah-y, what?
SIMMONS:so that we can crash it into the other warthog, because fuck it!
TUCKER:yeah!
SARGE:yeaho!
GRIF:yeahah, oh yeah, yeah violence.
WASHINGTON:listen, let's not get our hopes up just yet.
TUCKER:aw come on wash, lighten up. we did it, we made contact.
WASHINGTON:well... it is the first good news that we've had in a while.
CABOOSE:heuh, heuh... hey everyone!
WASHINGTON:caboose! where've you been?
CABOOSE:yeah, i went on a walk like you said. and now, everything is gonna be good, forever!
SARGE:told ya so.
WASHINGTON:wait, caboose, you were miserable, what happened?
CABOOSE:ah heh, well where are my manners? i haven't even introduced him.
WASHINGTON:introduced who?
CABOOSE:freckles! come! *whistle*
CABOOSE:everyone, i would like you to meet freckles! freckles- say hello.
FRECKLES:enemy soldiers detected.
CABOOSE:no those aren't enemies freckles, those are grif and simmons. our enemy.
FRECKLES:firing main cannons.
CABOOSE:no! bad freckles! down.
FRECKLES:yes, master blue.
CABOOSE:bad freckles. so- what're you guys up to?
GRIF:eueueuh... euh...
WASHINGTON:mayday mayday, this is agent washington and the red and blue troopers of project freelancer. we are stranded, does anyone copy? ... mayday this is agent washington, i am a soldier. is anybody out there? can anybody hear me?
TUCKER:so...
TUCKER:never mind.
WASHINGTON:caboose...
WASHINGTON:tell me again, where did you find, this... robot?
CABOOSE:his name is freckles.
TUCKER:that's a stupid name.
TUCKER:stupid-cool i mean, great name! i mean, i wish that were my name! yeah, freckles is the best name ever that there ever was.
WASHINGTON:technically it's a mantis class military assault droid.
TUCKER:wait, why mantis?
WASHINGTON:well, you see those legs? they kind of resemble the legs of a preying mantis.
TUCKER:no they don't.
WASHINGTON:then, maybe it's the head shape?
TUCKER:yeah, maybe because during the act of procreation they rip off the head off their mate's body and devour it? it's like an act of sexual cannibalism.
WASHINGTON:euh, what?
TUCKER:eh, i've dated worse.
CABOOSE:yeah, i call him freckles because of the spots on his nose.
TUCKER:well shit, actually i have to give it to caboose on this one. robot definitely looks more like a freckles than a mantis.
WASHINGTON:fine. where did you find, freckles?
CABOOSE:well, i was walking, and i was sad, and i missed church...
TUCKER:this is the greatest story of our generation.
WASHINGTON:quiet.
CABOOSE:and then i heard a noise...
TUCKER:seriously, it's like i was there.
WASHINGTON:tucker.
CABOOSE:yeah then i saw the little guy under like pieces of rock, and spaceship, and body parts- i had to move those out of the way, and then there he was! and now we're best friends forever, right freckles?
FRECKLES:affirmative, caboose.
TUCKER:great. boy meets dog, dog turns out to be a military-grade killing machine from a crashed spaceship.
WASHINGTON:caboose. um, you know, a pet is a lot of responsibility.
CABOOSE:that is why i will water him and i will feed him every day.
TUCKER:water and feed? what the hell does this thing run on?
CABOOSE:it runs on the power of the friendship of our love.
TUCKER:this is so fucked up.
WASHINGTON:didn't you give birth to a baby alien a few years back?
TUCKER:whoahoa, let's not bring family into this.
CABOOSE:so, what fun adventures are we going to go on today freckles?
TUCKER:hah-i'm not doing shit. we're getting rescued soon, remember?
WASHINGTON:actually, i think it would be smart if we continued with our training routine.
TUCKER:what- why, there's no point!
WASHINGTON:training is an ongoing process, tucker. and as the leader of this team, i wanna make sure that we're ready for anything.
TUCKER:this is fucking stupid. nothing has happened since we crashed here.
WASHINGTON:well, you never know if someone...
WASHINGTON:-or something, will attack. so stop complaining, and start jogging.
TUCKER:and where are you going?
WASHINGTON:i'm heading out to the ship. someone needs to do an inventory of our food supplies. i'd prefer it be someone who can count.
CABOOSE:i only screwed up twice.
WASHINGTON:you screwed up once.
CABOOSE:yeah but i don't see your point.
TUCKER:so you're just gonna leave me with them?
WASHINGTON:five laps gentlemen. tucker, make sure you count for caboose.
TUCKER:yeah right.
FRECKLES:disregarding a direct order from a commanding officer is punishable by death.
TUCKER:what? since when?
FRECKLES:target locked.
TUCKER:god dammit, okay i'm going.
CABOOSE:and who wants to go outside!? who wants to go outside? who wants to go outside- freckles do you want to go outside? outside, who wants to go outside? do i wanna go outside? why do i want to go outside? let's all go outside.
CABOOSE:oh my god we're here!
CABOOSE:i'm really good at this game!
SARGE:kuh- backstabbers.
SIMMONS:hey asshole, would it kill you to take out the trash for once?
GRIF:simmons, i've been thinking.
SIMMONS:i don't care, take out the fucking trash.
GRIF:why do we carry our guns?
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:our guns. why do we carry 'em?
SIMMONS:because we're soldiers.
GRIF:yeah, but we're not really fighting anybody are we.
SIMMONS:well, yeah, but you never know when we could be attacked.
GRIF:attacked by who, the blues?
SIMMONS:uh...
GRIF:we haven't fought a single goddamn enemy since arriving in this canyon. and yet here we are walking around in full body armor with a rifle in our hands, like the fucking galaxy's about to attack us any second.
SIMMONS:what's your point?
GRIF:my point is, why don't we ever just walk around without our guns?
SIMMONS:...
GRIF:dude.
SIMMONS:what?
GRIF:drop your gun.
SIMMONS:no.
GRIF:why not?
SIMMONS:i don't want to.
GRIF:you don't want to, or you can't?
SIMMONS:um, i'm, i'm going back inside.
GRIF:and thus dexter grif single-handedly avoids trash duty for the second day in a row. hoo-rah.
SARGE:men, fall in, double time! this is not a drill!
GRIF:what the hell?
SIMMONS:i knew there was a reason we were armed!
SIMMONS:sarge, what's wrong?
SARGE:what's wrong- what's wrong!? how about scheming, traiting, conniving, commiserating, calooting, take your pick! also, building a giant robot. those blues are up to no good!
GRIF:and here i was thinking something important was about to happen.
SIMMONS:but sir, didn't we build a robot first?
LOPEZ DOS:ustedes hablan de m?
CAPTION:you guys talking about me?
SARGE:dos-point-oh doesn't count, he's about as useless as a box full of grifs.
GRIF:hey, i'm offended.
LOPEZ DOS:oh... bien.
CAPTION:oh.. ...okay.
SARGE:men, i know we've considered the blues to be our, quote "allies" unquote, for some time now. but we have to look at facts.
SIMMONS:what facts?
SARGE:number one: they now possess a tank on legs that's capable of killing us all.
SIMMONS:okay.
SARGE:and number two is that we didn't have our own number one first! clearly this is a conspiracy.
GRIF:so what do you expect us to do about it?
SARGE:i need you boys to conduct some reconnaissance. secure intel, get deep in charlie's bush. initiate delta force, tango and cash!
GRIF:are these orders or '80s acion movies?
SARGE:find out exactly what those pesky blues are up to.
SIMMONS:you mean go over there? near that monster?
GRIF:see, this is exactly the kind of robot overlord shit i was talking about. if only someone had listened!
SARGE:it'll be dangerous, but i have confidence that at least one of you will survive. simmons.
GRIF:why aren't you coming?
SARGE:we've had a major breech in security. one of the bags in the wall tore open, and now there's sand all over the place.
GRIF:i can see how that might take priority.
SARGE:hehh, it's likely that we'll never fully recover. there's just so many tiny crevices!
SIMMONS:sarge please, i don't want to upset the mantis.
GRIF:what's a mantis?
SIMMONS:the giant robot.
GRIF:oh. why is it called that?
SIMMONS:i don't know, 'cause it's green? that's not the point.
SARGE:well that's not a very good reason to call it a mantis.
LOPEZ DOS:tal vez lo llaman mantis ya que tiene un sistema de camuflaje avanzado que utiliza para atrapar enemigos.
CAPTION:perhaps they call it mantis because it has an advanced camouflage system that it uses to ensnare enemies.
SARGE:whatever dumb-dumb. can't you see we're talking strategy?
GRIF:stupid new lopez.
SIMMONS:look, the blues are no more dangerous than this idiot.
LOPEZ DOS:oye... vamos chicos. ya basta.
CAPTION:hey... come on, guys. cut it out.
SIMMONS:but that robot could flatten us in an instant.
SARGE:you raise an excellent point, simmons.
SIMMONS:i do?
SARGE:yep. so you'd better not get spotted while you're out there.
GRIF:heuhhhh... let's just get this over with.
SIMMONS:but i'm telling you the blues aren't up to anything!
WASHINGTON:alright... change of plans...
SARGE:eh-hem. hey blues. i think it's time we all had ourselves a little talk.
TUCKER:if this is the sex talk, i'd love to make a contribution to the discussion.
SARGE:this is not the sex talk.
TUCKER:oh.
SARGE:me and the boys have been talkin', and we think now is the right time to make our big move!
WASHINGTON:what are you talking about?
SARGE:gentlemen, it's high time we made a red vs. blue movie!
WASHINGTON:but, we do that every year.
SARGE:no, not some straight to dvd nonsense - i'm talking about a genuine summer blockbuster!
TUCKER:hey i like the sound o' that.
WASHINGTON:okay... what did you have in mind, what's the story?
SARGE:hheh heh. story? i said "blockbuster," spielberg. story should be the last thing on our minds.
WASHINGTON:then what's it going to be about?
SARGE:excellent question, unit production manager washington. which is why i've taken this moment, to prepare an incredibly expensive, cinematic movie trailer! lopez, get the lights.
CABOOSE:hello.
GRIF:hey.
SIMMONS:yeah?
GRIF:you ever wonder why we're here?
SARGE:it's funny - i ask myself the same question every day.
WASHINGTON:the world is changing, gentlemen. i'm just the man suggesting we change it in our favour.
SARGE:my pappy once told me: son, don't ever, ever, ever trust a blue.
CABOOSE:did you believe him?
DONUT:sarge! sarge!
SARGE:i'm here son.
DONUT:sarge, there's people at the door. they're trying to get in! they have blue armor.
SARGE:my god.
TUCKER:there he is!
CABOOSE:get him!
DONUT:i'm scared!
SARGE:this ain't the same game any more. they've changed the rules.
GRIF:we've gotta do something.
SARGE:son, the only thing i've gotta do is stay red, and die.
SIMMONS:our people need a hero. someone's who's brave and also handsome.
WASHINGTON:who is this guy?
TUCKER:he's a nobody, a loser.
WASHINGTON:then why haven't you stopped him?
GRIF:he loves blood and violence. he's got a boner for murder. and he's coming for you.
CABOOSE:we are the blue army! we are the antagonists of this film!
WASHINGTON:you think you can win? you think this story has a happy ending? i will break you!
SIMMONS:noooooooooooooooo!
GRIF:they've got a tank!
SARGE:we've got to steal the declaration of independence!
CABOOSE:the secret code is "the mona lisa!"
WASHINGTON:kill him!
SARGE:it's over, washington!
WASHINGTON:no. this, is only the beginning.
GRIF:it's two bases in the middle of a box canyon. how bad could it be?
SARGE:euh. stupid grif.
SARGE:so, is that an oscar winner or what?
WASHINGTON:was that...? how, did you, get me, in the, trailer?
GRIF:ah hem. it's called acting, wash? you should try it some time.
WASHINGTON:i'm going to burn your camera equipment.
SARGE:wait, we're not done with principal photography! we're not even done with vice principal photography!
SIMMONS:but guys, this isn't just a movie - this is our calling. our mission, our-
SARGE:shut up simmons!
SIMMONS:hehh... yes sir.
CABOOSE:uh freckles? was that you at the end of the movie trailer?
FRECKLES:he said he was going to make me a star.
CABOOSE:go freckles, go freckles go down. like this!
CABOOSE:yes! that's a good freckles! yes, yes tucker, yes did you see it? freckles did a squat!
TUCKER:great. now teach him to fetch. and then throw a stick off a cliff.
CABOOSE:aw he knows how to fetch. freckles! freckles! get the ball!
FRECKLES:acquiring target.
CABOOSE:uh, see that, that was just, that was just poor phrasing on my part, really. mean i was just, i- i think i was just grammatically, g- it was grammatically incorrect, so.
GRIF:alright, we made it.
SIMMONS:yeah. so uh, what do we do now?
GRIF:i guess we just, watch 'em?
SIMMONS:pshew... toh! toh! toh! toh!... so, this is a waste of time, right? i mean they're not actually plotting anything.
GRIF:i don't know man, but watching two dudes exercise is making me feel really weird.
SIMMONS:kawh, this isn't getting us anywhere.
GRIF:well why don't you just ask them what they're up to?
SIMMONS:what, and blow our cover?
GRIF:what do we look like, seal team 6? who gives a shit dude, you already said they're not up to anything.
SIMMONS:but what about the robot?
GRIF:oh, yeah.
SIMMONS:see, we need to strategize.
GRIF:okay, fine, how do we wanna do this?
SIMMONS:...oh, we could do like a sort of good cop bad cop thing.
GRIF:what if we act casual, like we're just shooting the shit or something.
SIMMONS:maybe, if we go in, guns blazing, we can intimidate them into telling us what we want.
GRIF:wait... what do we want?
SIMMONS:...i don't know.
TUCKER:hey.
SIMMONS:guh!
TUCKER:what are you doing?
SIMMONS:alright, listen tucker, i wanted to hear you out, but my partner is crazy! i can't hold him back!
TUCKER:what?
SIMMONS:i mean hey what's up? how's the weather? no wait i mean tell me what you know! ...i'm sorry.
GRIF:that's some solid detective work there officer simmons.
TUCKER:yeah, so if you guys could not watch us work out, that'd be great, 'cause it's a little weird.
GRIF:it's really weird.
SIMMONS:sarge ordered us to come spy on you, he thinks you're up to something.
TUCKER:dude, the only thing i've done today is exercise.
GRIF:heuhh, you poor tortured soul.
SIMMONS:what're you training for?
TUCKER:fuck if i know, every day it's the same thing. wake up- run drills. clean the base- run drills. maintain order- run drills. i have glamorous calfs and a miserable fucking life! can we please stop running drills!?
GRIF:i had calves once. way more tender than a regular cow. you could taste the youth.
SIMMONS:wash makes you clean the base?
TUCKER:and our equipment, and our vehicles. the guy's obsessed with rules and order.
GRIF:euh. could you imagine having to deal with someone like that?
SIMMONS:rules and order... awh...
TUCKER:i know, right? he's even got an organizational chart.
SIMMONS:huhch?
GRIF:tsk- what a loser.
SIMMONS:uh, hkw, hwk, yeah. hm, well uh, that all sounds very interesting tucker, but i think i need to see this for myself.
TUCKER:what?
GRIF:what?
SIMMONS:oh you know, i just wanna make sure his story checks out. inspect the base, stick around for a few days.
GRIF:checks out? what're you gonna find that we can't already see? that thing is completely exposed, it's empty. it's clean, dude.
SIMMONS:houh, clean.
TUCKER:are you sure you wanna hang around? wash might make you run his obstacle course or something.
GRIF:yeah, sarge made us do that too.
SARGE:on your mark, get set-
GRIF:this is such bullshit
GRIF:o-how, why?
SARGE:new record.
GRIF:sometimes when i sneeze, buckshot comes out.
SIMMONS:look, let me just hang out for a few days. i'll be cool, i swear.
GRIF:don't lie to the man's face.
TUCKER:whatever dude, just remember i warned you.
SIMMONS:well grif, i guess this is goodbye.
GRIF:wait, how long are you planning on being gone?
SIMMONS:'til the job's done, i guess.
GRIF:and you're sure you'd rather be near the blues and their giant killer fucking robot, instead of just coming back to base.
SIMMONS:...
GRIF:hey, i think i broke the urinal in the laundry room.
SIMMONS:we don't have a urinal in the laundry room.
GRIF:oh... ...
SIMMONS:yes. i'm sure.
GRIF:whatever, your funeral. just remember, if the robot ever corners you, just stick him with a magnet.
SIMMONS:computers haven't been affected by magnets since the 20th century.
GRIF:which is exactly what they want you to think.
SIMMONS:heuhh... finally, a place i can call home.
CABOOSE:alright freckles, fetch!
SIMMONS:hey caboose, you dropped your ball.
FRECKLES:acquiring target.
SIMMONS:help, what did i do?!
CABOOSE:ah- yeah, sorry. yeah we're, we're still working on that one. ...can we have our ball back?
SIMMONS:i can't, sarge says i throw like a girl.
GRIF:hey, where's sarge?
LOPEZ DOS:porqu me la preguntas? usted no habla espaol.
CAPTION:why are you asking me? you don't speak spanish.
SARGE:private grif. i see you've returned from your reconnaisance mission unscathed. that's disappointing. unacceptable.
LOPEZ DOS:hombre... lo que es carne con este tipo con usted?
CAPTION:man... what is this guy's beef with you?
SARGE:so, what information have you recovered?
GRIF:uh, that the blues aren't up to anything and that you're a paranoid old man bordering on senility.
SARGE:uh huh. i'll take that into consideration private. but how about we hear from our more competent soldier? ...simmons?
GRIF:he's with the blues.
SARGE:with- the blues?
GRIF:yeah. he seemed really eager to stay at their base for some reason.
SARGE:huhh. well, i suppose it was only a matter of time.
GRIF:a matter of time?
SARGE:yep. i knew this day would come.
GRIF:really? you knew simmons would eventually wanna leave the red team?
SARGE:leave red team? grif, are you even paying attention?
GRIF:i mean, not really, i just th- i'd-
SARGE:first they build a giant robot. then they capture my second in command. it's just as i had predicted! the enemy has finally shown its true colours! and that colour is pound zero zero zero eff eff!
GRIF:what?
SARGE:blue! blue! it's red vs. blue all over again!
GRIF:no, sarge, they didn't capture him-
SARGE:can you believe it? posing as our allies only to stab us in the back years after our conflict, had seemingly ended! they've pulled off the most elaborate ruse in the history of simulated military combat.
GRIF:i don't-
SARGE:i mean really! how far back did they start planning this thing?
GRIF:you're not listening!
SARGE:like, did they know about all the freelancers from the beginning?
GRIF:sarge.
SARGE:and what about church? for years they told us he was a ghost, but then he was an ancient artifact or something and there were aliens involved i don't know. sometimes i wonder just how deep this rabbit hole goes.
GRIF:stop.
SARGE:it's almost like all of this is some sort of sick game!
GRIF:...this conversation is starting to get a little meta.
SARGE:you're right. you think he was in on it too?
GRIF:i think you're jumping to conclusions.
SARGE:and i conclude you need to shut your mouth and move your feet!
GRIF:what are you gonna do?
SARGE:we, are going to do the reds' signature blood gulch manoeuver.
GRIF:huhhh, oh no.
LOPEZ DOS:me hace feliz saber que est ignorando tanto como estoy por aqu.
CAPTION:it makes me happy knowing you're ignored just as much as i am around here.
CABOOSE:okay freckles, roll over!
FRECKLES:objective complete.
TUCKER:that's cheating.
SIMMONS:hey tucker!
TUCKER:what!
SIMMONS:do you have any idea when wash is getting back? i have some suggestions regarding the upkeep of blue base.
TUCKER:i don't know and i don't care!
SIMMONS:well i got two words for you buddy: chore wheel.
TUCKER:and i've got two words for you. how 'bout fuck off?
SIMMONS:just think about it. wheel of chores.
TUCKER:i hate my life.
WASHINGTON:tucker!
TUCKER:you know what, i take it back, i hate everyone else's lives. wish they didn't have 'em. oh my god, am i turning into church?
WASHINGTON:why aren't you running drills?
TUCKER:how do you know i didn't already finish them?
WASHINGTON:because you're not on the ground complaining about irritated nipples.
TUCKER:i'm telling you, my chest piece rubs right up against them. and not in a good way.
WASHINGTON:why do you refuse to take these things seriously?
TUCKER:why can't you just let us do our thing?
WASHINGTON:i'm trying to make sure you're the best. that you're ready for anything.
TUCKER:why? blue team was just fine with being mediocre until you came along. what the fuck are you worried about?
WASHINGTON:it's just a feeling i, can't explain it.
TUCKER:really? 'cause i bet i can. you're a paranoid, ex-special ops guy who's used to being betrayed on a weekly basis. not much of a riddle wash. hey, next do you want to figure out the mystery of why caboose isn't the team treasurer?
WASHINGTON:oh, so we're going there.
TUCKER:oh-hoho bitch i already went there, and i took pictures.
CABOOSE:ooooh grrrrl.
WASHINGTON:well i can't say i'm surprised, lavernius. you just always have to get the last laugh, mister quick-witted, mister sarcastic. if you spent as much time training as you do mouthing off, you could probably beat freckles at arm wrestling.
TUCKER:don't be stupid! freckles doesn't have arms, he has guns.
CABOOSE:and, paws! freckles shake!
CABOOSE:get it! he shakes! it's awesome!
TUCKER AND  WASHINGTON:caboose!
CABOOSE:yeah, yeah we're still working on it.
SIMMONS:oh, hey wash, i didn't know you were back.
WASHINGTON:what is... why is he here?
SIMMONS:i took the liberty of claiming the bunk closest to you. i hope you don't mind.
WASHINGTON:i don't have time to deal with you right now, go away.
SIMMONS:eh heh, good one sir. oh hey by the way, is it cool if i start calling you sir?
WASHINGTON:why is he still here.
TUCKER:beats me. if i was him, i'd be as far away from this base as possible.
SIMMONS:you can call me champ if you want. or you know... son.
TUCKER:just ignore him.
SIMMONS:or sir junior.
WASHINGTON:look, as long as i'm leader of this team i will do everything in my power to ensure your safety whether you like it or not.
TUCKER:we don't need you protecting us.
WASHINGTON:i know, that's why i'm trying to help you.
TUCKER:help us with what, defending against attack? no-one is going to attack us!
SARGE:attack!
TUCKER:oh you've got to be fucking kidding me.
SARGE:dammit grif, you forgot our theme music.
GRIF:oh, right.
SARGE:ah forget it moment's passed.
FRECKLES:enemy soldiers detected.
CABOOSE:uh... good freckles... no murdering everyone.
GRIF:uh, i would just like to take this opportunity to point out, that this, was not my idea. whatsoever, at all.
WASHINGTON:look, as long as i'm leader of this team i will do everything in my power to ensure your safety whether you like it or not.
TUCKER:we don't need you protecting us.
WASHINGTON:i know, that's why i'm trying to help you.
TUCKER:help us with what, defending against attack? no-one is going to attack us!
SARGE:attack!
TUCKER:you have literally the worst timing.
SARGE:screw it dead man, we're no longer fraternising with the enemy!
TUCKER:dead men?
GRIF:now see when he says 'we', imagine he's only referring to himself. do not group us together.
TUCKER:bitch my armour's aqua- i think.
WASHINGTON:what the hell are you two doing?
GRIF:uh again, not two, just him. i can't stress this enough.
SARGE:you made me believe that reds and blues could coexist! that we could work together as one people! that we could all get together, and be a little, purple.
WASHINGTON:we can. we are, seriously, what the fuck is this about?
SARGE:you kindapped one of my men.
SIMMONS:who- me?
TUCKER:he wasn't kidnapped dipshit, he came over here by himself. we can't get him to leave.
SARGE:is this true, simmons?
SIMMONS:it's not your fault sir, it's grif's.
GRIF:what did i do?
SIMMONS:you're fucking disgusting, grif.
GRIF:well yeah, but i've always been like that. sarge was the one that decided to take half the base for himself.
SIMMONS:oh. then i guess it is your fault sir.
SARGE:that makes you a traitor!
SIMMONS:what!?
FRECKLES:threat level increased.
CABOOSE:um yeah no reason for panic, everything's fine, might anyone have a rolled-up newspaper at the ready.
SARGE:you weren't kidnapped, you deliberately joined the enemy!
TUCKER:but if he wasn't kidnapped, that would mean we were never the enemy in the first place.
SARGE:don't try and confuse me with your words, shamrock.
TUCKER:i'm aqua!
WASHINGTON:tucker, calm down.
TUCKER:me? these guys roll up in a fucking assault jeep, and you choose to yell at me?
WASHINGTON:look, tensions, are high.
TUCKER:no shit washington, i'm tired of you bossing us around.
WASHINGTON:now, is not the time.
TUCKER:you know, i disagree. we were having a talk when tweedle-dee and tweedle-fucking-idiot decided to interrupt, so let's finish this.
WASHINGTON:there's nothing to finish!
GRIF:are we intruding on some sort of lovers' quarrel right now?
TUCKER:you are the worst thing to happen to this team since blue boy over there decided to show up.
CABOOSE:i am a man! blue man!
SIMMONS:you take that back, wash is a great leader. i assume.
SARGE:blasphemy!
FRECKLES:deadly force authorized.
TUCKER:seriously, i would rather follow caboose into battle than you.
WASHINGTON:oh really. then let's just make him the leader, see how much better off you are.
CABOOSE:well i humbly accept your nomination and accept the position.
WASHINGTON AND  TUCKER:shut up!
FRECKLES:do not talk back to your commanding officer.
TUCKER:wash and i are having an argument. i will be talking back to him. that's how arguments work you fucking toaster.
FRECKLES:washington is not the commanding officer.
TUCKER:what?
WASHINGTON:what?
FRECKLES:in a unanimous decision by the blue team, caboose has been promoted to blue leader. captain caboose is your commanding officer. do not talk back to your commanding officer.
WASHINGTON:oh fuck.
CABOOSE:well. yeah. this is gonna be a lot of fun.
WASHINGTON:no, caboose, you can't-
WASHINGTON:look, freckles, this is a misunderstanding.
SIMMONS:caboose is team leader? fuck this.
CABOOSE:good story simmons! as my first duty as leader as the position of nomination, i say you can be on blue team, forever!
SIMMONS:no thanks, i'm good.
FRECKLES:private simmons.
SIMMONS:eh-uh, oh no.
FRECKLES:deserting your post will designate you as awol, this designation is punishable by death.
SIMMONS:what!?
GRIF:uh, hey sarge? now the blues have kidnapped simmons.
SARGE:then it's war!
WASHINGTON:wait, stop!
SARGE:say hello to robot satan you mechanical son of a-
GRIF:bail!
TUCKER:whoa!
SIMMONS:sarge!
CABOOSE:freckles, bad! bad, down.
FRECKLES:primary threat eliminated.
LOPEZ DOS:cul fue esa explosin? mierda! qu has hecho?
CAPTION:what was that explos-- holy shit. what did you do?
SIMMONS:sarge, are you okay?
SARGE:mmm, no simmons. i'm afraid, i won't be okay, until i exact my revenge!
GRIF:seriously, i am not affiliated with this lunatic. he does not speak for me.
SARGE:hyaah!
FRECKLES:engaging target.
CABOOSE:freckles! no!
WASHINGTON:sarge don't!
DONUT:man, you guys are really noisy.
EVERYONE:woohoo!
DONUT:aw, you must have really missed me.
GRIF:donut, thank god you're here.
SARGE:we were just about ready to kill each other.
TUCKER:speak for yourself.
WASHINGTON:where's the ship?
DONUT:what ship?
WASHINGTON:the ship you came here on, the rescue team.
DONUT:oooh, ha ha. duh. allow me to introduce, the rescue team!
DOC:'sup?
SIMMONS:doc?
WASHINGTON:wait, what is this?
DOC:donut told me you guys needed help.
DONUT:so i got the best help money could buy.
DOC:you didn't pay me.
DONUT:and i didn't tip the pilot. that's frugality.
SARGE:what pilot?
DONUT:the pilot that dropped us off, dummy.
TUCKER:dropped you off?
GRIF:as in, he's not here any more?
DONUT:exactly.
CABOOSE:'sup.
WASHINGTON:so you're telling me, that you heard our distress signal, grabbed doc, hopped on a ship, and then told the ship to leave? and that's your idea of sending help?
DONUT:what? no. i brought lopez too.
LOPEZ:qu. carajo.
CAPTION:what. the fuck.
SARGE:... kill him!
DONUT:someone get this medium turquoise guy away from me!
TUCKER:i'm aqua!
MYSTERY GUY:huh. unfortunate.
TUCKER:this is it. this is rock bottom. you ever hit rock bottom before wash? well, you have now. 'cause this is it. can't get any lower.
SIMMONS:*sniff* i wanna go home.
TUCKER:okay well maybe i spoke too soon.
FRECKLES:attention. officer on deck.
CABOOSE:yes. yes. hello, thank you yes, hello. thank you, you're welcome, yes thank you. hhcheh, hceh, hh. h. hello!
FRECKLES:captain, all team members are accounted for.
CABOOSE:well, excellent news, assistant captain freckles.
TUCKER:oh my lord.
CABOOSE:hi. it looks like we have a new member today. yes, give simmons a big blue team hello. yes, welcome to blue team, simmons.
SIMMONS:can i leave?
CABOOSE:it is good to have you on board today for the blue team.
FRECKLES:sir. awaiting mission briefing.
CABOOSE:oh, yes, right, oh god, right yes. um okay uh... yes. first order of business is t-um... uh... wash. psst, wa- wash. washington, washing- washington, wash. wash, wash, wash-
WASHINGTON:yes, caboose?
CABOOSE:what is the first order of business?
WASHINGTON:we're trying to get rescued.
CABOOSE:oh, yes, rescued! yes excellent. does anyone have any, suggestions?
WASHINGTON:hh, well, we know the communications tower works, so we should continue in our efforts to make contact.
CABOOSE:ah, yes. very good, excellent yes.
WASHINGTON:however, we should also work on trying to boost the signal of the radio transmitter. we were barely able to maintain a steady line of communication last time. even if we make contact again there's no guarantee anyone would be able to understand us.
CABOOSE:ah! yes, uh- right, yes. yes, then we need to do that! tucker! go fix the radio thing!
TUCKER:me? why not wash? he's the one who built it.
CABOOSE:tucker, becau- don't rook it, alright listen. we're gonna keep wash here for another job.
WASHINGTON:but, ih- caboose.
WASHINGTON:hrrmm!
CABOOSE:yeah, i'm thinking that you know, uh, washington is mean and scary. yes, yes, he will be our lookout!
TUCKER:lookout?
CABOOSE:yes. washington, make sure you look out, for bad guys! and, anything, that looks scary.
WASHINGTON:there's a giant robot trying to kill me.
TUCKER:yeah, why can't freckles be our lookout? killing stuff is like, his entire reason for existing.
CABOOSE:well um, every great leader needs a great best friend, and freckles, i think you could be that best friend.
FRECKLES:...acknowledged.
SIMMONS:uhm, do i need to do anything?
CABOOSE:oh my god a red, oh my- ohp no sorry, sorry that's my bad. sorry, sorry. yeh simmons, yes simmons we got- we have to talk about it. yes, um, simmons... you do what you, ah, normally do for the reds. but instead... for the blues.
SIMMONS:uh, yes sir.
TUCKER:wait, what is your job for the reds?
SIMMONS:what do you mean, i just did it.
CABOOSE:okay everybody! aaaaand team! alright see you, bye.
WASHINGTON:i hope you're happy.
TUCKER:hey, don't pin this shit on me.
SIMMONS:i'll just, stay here i guess.
DOC:alright, you're all patched up.
DONUT:i can't feel my toes. is that normal?
DOC:uhm, let's go with yes?
DONUT:works for me.
DOC:you know the next time someone comes to help you, i wouldn't really recommend beating the crap out of them.
GRIF:well the next time somebody comes to help us, i hope they actually bring us help.
DOC:hey, i take offense to that.
GRIF:yeah, it's called an insult.
DOC:oh.
DONUT:so what the heck happened? after you guys dropped me off at valhalla, you guys were supposed to be going back to blood gulch.
GRIF:well, funny story...
CREWMAN:oh my god, who spilled soda all over my instruments?
GRIF:oh my god, i spilled my soda?
GRIF:somehow, the ship crashed, but uh, no-one seems to know why or, how or, when or-
SARGE:men!
GRIF:i didn't do it,  you can't prove that i did!
SARGE:it's time we took action.
DOC:oh, we're not gonna do anything violent, are we? remember i'm a pacifist.
SARGE:yeah, but think about it: can't spell pacifist without fist. which you need to throw a punch. that always leads to fighting, the precursor to a full-out battle. which is ultimately the first step on the inevitable road to war! violence is unavoidable doc. time to just admit you've got a natural-born pacifist lust for murder!
DOC:huhh, why do i even bother?
DONUT:oh come on doc, where's your sense of adventure? we're a bunch of strapping young men stranded in the wilderness. if that doesn't sound like a good time, i don't know what does.
GRIF:i'm starting to remember why i don't like you.
DONUT:it's just like camping. who wants to help me pitch a tent?
GRIF:yep, there it is.
SARGE:since landing in this god-forsaken hellhole, we've let washington make all the decisions. and just look where that's gotten us: the warthog is destroyed; we're running low on food; and simmons is being held prisoner.
GRIF:shit's pretty fucked.
SARGE:it's high time we took matters into our own hands! red hands. the days of standing idly by, while the blues do interesting and convoluted things are over!
DONUT:all right! it's our time to shine. can i get a heck yeah?
SARGE:hell no.
DONUT:close enough.
SARGE:what i'm about to propose to you gentlemen, is in no way simple, smart, or seemingly possible.
GRIF:solid pep talk so far sarge.
SARGE:there's one thing in this canyon that's been the source of all our problems. if we want to get outta here alive, we're going to have to eliminate it. boys, we've got to kill freckles.
DOC:uh, we don't know who that is. we just got here.
SARGE:the robot.
DONUT:you mean lopez?
LOPEZ DOS:creo que estn hablando de nosotros.
CAPTION:i think they're talking about us.
LOPEZ:al menos que estn hablando de mi construir no me importa.
CAPTION:unless they are talking about building me a new body i don't give a shit.
GRIF:no, the giant robot that belongs to caboose? aka the thing that will fucking kill us if we get anywhere near it. so exactly how do you plan on "eliminating" it sarge?
SARGE:well if our ship was carrying something as big as freckles, i figure it may have also been carrying something big enough to break him.
GRIF:we're going aboard the ship?
SARGE:we'll move in tonight. donut, you guard the base while we're gone.
DONUT:awesome.
WASHINGTON:hey.
WASHINGTON:you guys haven't seen anything, suspicious, around, have you?
SARGE:uh suspicious, why whatever do you mean, agent washington?
WASHINGTON:heuh, nothing, just... doing my job.
GRIF:nice save sarge. very convincing.
SARGE:heh heh. acting.
SHIP GUY:hey can i get some fuel on three?
VOICE:you got it.
SHIP GUY:thanks. hey uh, i'm not really from around here, but uh, do you know about that crashed spaceship?
VOICE:spaceship?
SHIP GUY:yeah. i just dropped off a coupla guys who saw it in the middle of a canyon. it's big. like, really big.
VOICE:no. i can't say i've heard of it.
SHIP GUY:really. oh man. i mean, someone should report that, right?
VOICE:well, that's up to you.
SHIP GUY:yeah, it was pretty bad. you got a phone i could use?
VOICE:sure. right behind you.
SHIP GUY:thanks.
MYSTERY GUY:just so you're aware, no-one's gonna find your ship either.
MYSTERY GUY:control this is locus. objective complete. returning to crash site bravo.
TUCKER:uh-heugh, this blows. i don't know the first thing about fixing intergalactic space radios.
SIMMONS:uh huh.
TUCKER:every movie i've ever seen with a repair man in it always glosses over the actual repairing part. it's just "hey lady, i'm here to lay some pipe." and then bam - two scoops of raisins.
SIMMONS:uh huh...
TUCKER:dammit woman if you'd let the man do his job, then maybe we wouldn't be in this mess.
SIMMONS:hey tucker, what the fuck is this thing?
TUCKER:it's a gravity lift. you step in it, and it takes you upstairs.
SIMMONS:well i know that, but what the fuck is it doing here?
TUCKER:it's glowing. and going drng-drng-drdrdrng.
SIMMONS:so let me get this straight: we're survivors of a shipwreck, living off of the bare necessities, and in the middle of the room is this incredible feat of modern-day technology.
TUCKER:i don't know, wash found it on the ship and so we put it in the base. what's so weird about that?
SIMMONS:it's like finding a car made out of rocks, plastic, and a bluetooth radio.
TUCKER:oh-hoh, we've got that too. siri!
TUCKER:play "song dance team."
SIRI:did you mean "thong randy?"
TUCKER:aw piece of shit.
SIRI:calling bolma dee.
SIMMONS:how are you able to power all of this?
TUCKER:we're hooked up to the ship.
SIMMONS:you mean you have a direct line to a limitless power supply?
TUCKER:well, no, we'll definitely run out of fuel eventually, just not any time soon. so who cares? take as much as you want.
SIMMONS:god bless the american way.
TUCKER:what're you gonna do?
SIMMONS:just a side project!
WASHINGTON:hey, caboose!
WASHINGTON:i've secured the perimeter. no bad guys to be found.
CABOOSE:excellent work, commander washington! i admire your determination. why, maybe someday, you could be the leader of blue team.
WASHINGTON:yes. maybe someday.
CABOOSE:now, i have a very important question for you washington.
WASHINGTON:okay.
CABOOSE:um... do you think freckles would look... silly in a hat? possibly a sombrero.
WASHINGTON:you want to dress your pet up in people clothes.
CABOOSE:to bolster morale of the troops!
WASHINGTON:you know, i just remembered i haven't checked for any bad guys on the ship.
CABOOSE:what? washington, what are you even doing here? there ca- there could be bad guys flying that ship right now.
WASHINGTON:you're right! sorry boss, i'll take care of it right away.
CABOOSE:heuh. yeah some people are just not cut out for military life freckles. now let's go make you that tiny hat.
TUCKER:thanks wash, really lookin' out for your team.
ANDY:hey, you've reached the voicemail of andy the bomb.
TUCKER:siri hang up!
OVERSEER:holy shit. it's actually them.
OVERSEER:oh no.
DOC:you know for a shipwreck this place actually looks pretty nice.
GRIF:you should see the other half.
DOC:why, is it bad?
GRIF:we don't know, it landed somewhere else.
DOC:yeah that's pretty bad. hey did you guys ever watch lost?
GRIF AND  SARGE:shut up.
SARGE:alright men, fan out and see what you can find. remember: we're hunting the most dangerous prey of them all.
DOC:man?
SARGE:what? no! giant robot.
DOC:uhh, oh yeah.
SARGE:psh! man. everything kills man. man's way down on the list. right between koala and retarded koala.
GRIF:yeah, man sucks.
GRIF:hmm.
GRIF:what the fuck. huh.
DOC:huhm...
GRIF:boosh! headshot!
DOC:grif, what the heck man?
GRIF:now don't be a bitch.
DOC:what is this?
GRIF:beats me, you wanna try? there's a whole bunch of 'em in the corner.
DOC:ah, i'm not sure. you know how i feel about firearms.
GRIF:come onnn, they don't do anything. they just stick.
DOC:well, let me think about it. ... ... ... okay.
SARGE:hey! this ain't a tea party numbskulls. get rid of those toys and get back to work.
GRIF:fine.
DOC:aw man.
SARGE:and take that stupid thing off your head.
DOC:okay.
DOC:i never get to do anything cool.
SARGE:you better not be breaking things down there!
DOC:hm. according to the ship's records, it was carrying a lot of standard issue weaponry, buuut, it also has a bunch of stuff listed as "experimental."
GRIF:ooh, that's military slang for really fucking dangerous. where's that stuff?
DOC:eh, looks like most of it was on the other half of the ship.
GRIF:boo.
DOC:but there is one prototype that was kept here.
GRIF:yes!
GRIF:the fuck are these?
DOC:looks like some sort of weird grenade. or it could be a rubik's cube. i don't know.
GRIF:huh.
DOC:dah! what are you doing?
GRIF:trying it out.
GRIF:whoa!
DOC:you could have killed us!
GRIF:did you see that?
DOC:you can't just go around messing with experimental-
DOC:stop throwing that!
GRIF:dude!
DOC:what is wrong with you?
GRIF:these things are like teleporter cubes.
DOC:hah, be careful, we don't know how they work!
GRIF:what do you mean? throw it at a thing, thing disappears. throw another one, thing reappears. i could keep an entire buffet in the palm of my hand!
DOC:really? that's what you're excited about?
SARGE:men! upstairs, now!
DOC:coming!
GRIF:ho-ho, i am taking these.
DOC:sarge, you'll never guess what we found.
SARGE:son, you could have found a laser-guided napalm shark. i still wouldn't care.
DOC:a what?
SARGE:you know that feeling you get when you see a pretty girl on the first day of school? you're not quite sure what to do but, your instincts just take over and you smile at her. and she smiles back. and suddenly the world is a brand new place. and your stomach is all full of twists and twirls.
DOC:um... yeah?
SARGE:well boys, i got that feeling right now.
GRIF:ho-ho-holy shit.
SARGE:except imagine that pretty girl in school as armor-plated with a titanium poly-alloy, and outfitted with fifty millimeter cannons and ammo for days.
DOC:she sounds pretty high-maintenance.
GRIF:she sounds like i need a safeword to date her.
SARGE:oh yeah.
DOC:so how do we get it out of the ship?
GRIF:uh, teleportation cubes anyone?
SARGE:no! a girl this fine's gotta be treated right. oiled up and whatnot. we'll take her apart, and move her ourselves, limb by limb. packed away in carrying cases if necessary.
DOC:yeah, i think your dating metaphor kinda took a turn into serial killer territory there sarge.
GRIF:seriously? i just found these awesome future cubes. it's destiny!
SARGE:what was that?
DOC:agent washington?
GRIF:what the hell is he doing here?
SARGE:doesn't matter. let's just dismember this beautiful lady, pack her up, and take her back to our lair. i mean base.
GRIF:could you please stop referring to the robot as a woman? it's really weird.
SARGE:not as weird as the throbbing erection she's giving me.
GRIF:jesus christ.
WASHINGTON:hmm. needs a conducter.
WASHINGTON:mm- stupid thing, just open.
WASHINGTON:there we go. huh, never thought it'd come down to this. sorry caboose.
COMMISSIONER:heylo, great game today, rookie!
ROOKIE:thanks, but i haven't been a rookie in four years.
COMMISSIONER:right you are! league mvp and two championships? team slipspace sure has come a long way since your first year.
ROOKIE:yep, things are finally lookin' up!
COMMISSIONER:that's the problem.
ROOKIE:what?
COMMISSIONER:things are stale now that the worst team in the league wins every match - it's too predictable. so we're mixin' things up.
ROOKIE:...i don't get you.
COMMISSIONER:how would you like some new uniforms?
ROOKIE:oh. yeah, that actually sounds really nice.
COMMISSIONER:and all new maps created by the very best community cartographers.
ROOKIE:h-heow - that would mix things up, sure.
COMMISSIONER:and wouldn't it be swell if we made you play an entirely different game than the one you're used to?
ROOKIE:a-hai... what?
COMMISSIONER:that's right! we're changing the rules.
ROOKIE:which ones?
COMMISSIONER:quite a lot, actually. so that's why i made this video.
ROOKIE:you recorded on vhs?
COMMISSIONER:spared every expense. to save money. for me!
ROOKIE:of course you did.
COMMISSIONER:wow, my new gold track player looks amazing compared to this.
ROOKIE:don't you mean bluray player?
COMMISSIONER:hah ho - no that's what poor people use.
VOICEOVER:ricochet is a new five-on-five gametype for halo 4. players will compete to gain possession of the ball at the beginning of each round, but that's only the start of things. once a team moves to offense they'll have to run and pass their way to the opposing team's goal. then they've got two options: throw the  ball into the goal to score, or run it in to score big. wanna create a map for ricochet? certain affinity is holding a contest to find the best ricochet cartographers in the community. six finalists will get their maps into a halo 4 playlist. the winners will receive prizes, the adoration of their peers, and a chance at immortality.
COMMISSIONER:immortality pending legal approval. adoration not guaranteed.
VOICEOVER:visit halowaypoint.com for more details on the contest.
COMMISSIONER:so, what do you think?
ROOKIE:i think i should check the status of my league life insurance policy.
COMMISSIONER:no need.
ROOKIE:oh god, don't say it.
COMMISSIONER:i cancelled the league's life insurance policy to pay for the awesome contest prizes.
ROOKIE:right.
COMMISSIONER:well i should really be going, the match is about to begin.
ROOKIE:the match?
COMMISSIONER:good luck out there, rookie. you're gonna need it.
ROOKIE:oh, son of a bi-
COMMENTATOR:you dropped the ball.
VOICEOVER:to enter the ricochet forge contest or for more information on contest rules, guidelines and prizes, visit halowaypoint.com. maps will be judged by certain affinity, so they'd better be good. this is stu stuman signing off.
WASHINGTON:what is all this?
SIMMONS:it's the future.
TUCKER:where the hell have you been?
WASHINGTON:i've been doing what i can to keep us alive.
TUCKER:oh really? then where were you when freckles tried to kill me for calling his tiny hat stupid?
WASHINGTON:i thought you didn't need me protecting you, tucker.
SIMMONS:hey you guys, i'm trying to revolutionize the world of intercanyon communication, so if you could just keep it down? that'd be great.
WASHINGTON:what is he talking about?
SIMMONS:i'm talking about, the internet!
TUCKER:oh my god, everybody leave. everybody leave, right now. there's something i've gotta do.
WASHINGTON:the internet?
TUCKER:seriously, you're gonna see some shit if you don't leave.
SIMMONS:well, it's not actually the internet. the only two points of communication are red and blue base.
TUCKER:why would you lie to us like that?
WASHINGTON:you put one of these at red base too?
SIMMONS:yeah, i had to sneak past freckles, but it was totally worth it.
WASHINGTON:why?
SIMMONS:behold!
WASHINGTON:basebook?
SIMMONS:yep. it's a site that lets you upload pictures, videos, and even text posts so your friends will always know what you're up to. it's revolutionary!
WASHINGTON:revolutionary? the first social media sites were created hundreds of years ago.
TUCKER:also there are no friends in this canyon. only forced acquaintances.
SIMMONS:well yeah, but those old sites just turned into conglomerations of attention whores. nothing but teenagers who want to prove they were cool, and old people who wanted to prove they were still relevant.
TUCKER:so what's the point of basebook?
SIMMONS:oh, you know, just wanna keep in touch with my friends on the red team while i'm your prisoner. can't let them forget about old simmons. hah hah hah- hah hah hah hah hah- hah heh heuh heuh heuh heuh heuh heuh heuh.
WASHINGTON:glad to see you spent your time in captivity on something meaningful.
TUCKER:so you made it. what now?
SIMMONS:i'm glad you asked. let's see what sarge is up to.
SIMMONS:uh huh, hasn't set up his profile yet, well uh, hh-that's cool, um i'll just wait for an update, yeah. i'm sure it'll come eventually. he's gotta have an update. heh a-heh heh heh, updates, heh heh heh heh.
WASHINGTON:you know, maybe you should go outside for a bit simmons. i'm sure caboose wouldn't mind if you got some fresh air.
SIMMONS:no no it's all good, really. b-um besides, i can see sarge some time and make a profile for him, yeah. that would be fun. i'll make a post about it too, you know, just so he knows.
TUCKER:hope you like the new blue team wash, really worked your magic.
CABOOSE:yes.
CABOOSE:okay, don't move! i have to get my camera!
FRECKLES:holding position.
CABOOSE:oh god, this is gonna be so cute!
SIMMONS:hey wash, could you take my picture and then tag me in it? 'cause you know if i do it myself, i'll just look like one of those losers.
WASHINGTON:heuhhhhh.
DONUT:alright, spread 'em!
DOC:hey donut.
DONUT:oh, it's you guys. what took you so long?
DOC:it's not exactly easy transporting several tons of robot in a timely manner. i think grif even dropped a bunch of pieces along the way.
GRIF:there's a difference between dropping and abandoning.
SARGE:what? dropped pieces? grif, if i find that a single screw is missing from this death machine, i'm gonna beat the living pulp out of you, and then drink the remaining orange juice! 'cause i like my dead men pulp-free. and with extra calcium. when available.
GRIF:what if i lost multiple screws, or several feet of armor plating?
DONUT:yess! giant robot fight here we come. this is gonna be awesome. fighting fire with fire, good idea sarge.
GRIF:i still say we just trap freckles in a future cube!
DOC:you actually took one of those with you?
GRIF:technically yes.
GRIF:but actually no.
DONUT:it's a cube that makes more cubes?
GRIF:no, they teleport stuff. watch this. fuck you cone! what did you ever do for me?
DONUT:whoa-ho-hoa.
GRIF:nah, i'm just kidding cone, you can come back.
DONUT:ooh, they're like pokeballs.
GRIF:no, these are cool. do not ruin them for me.
DONUT:or maybe it sends them to the phantom zone. you know like in that bad superman movie.
DOC:superman 2, or man of steel?
DONUT:no, the eleventh remake: superman origins 3: revelations.
DOC:he-heh-hoh yeah, that was awesome.
GRIF:sarge, look, let's just send donut over to blue base with one of the cubes. he throws it at freckles, freckles gets zapped, and then we throw the cubes down a volcano or something.
DONUT:why do i have to do it?
GRIF:in case it doesn't work, i wanna be alive.
DONUT:makes sense.
DOC:but we still don't even know how the teleportation cubes work! what if they're extremely radioactive, or what if they only work on inanimate objects?
GRIF:uh, robots are objects.
SARGE:hey, you're gonna hurt some feelings here. don't ever talk like that in front of our robot!
LOPEZ DOS:he odo la palabra robot. me has llamado?
CAPTION:i heard the word robot. did you call me?
SARGE:nobody's talking to you idiot.
DOC:i just think we should run some tests first.
GRIF:but tests are hard.
SARGE:well if it means getting you morons away from me so i can work, i say go for it.
GRIF:seriously?
SARGE:you can either test the cubes, or test this thing's primary defense systems.
GRIF:what do i have to do for that?
SARGE:just stand still and wait for the sweet embrace of death.
GRIF:okay, yeah, i'm leaving now.
DONUT:oohohohoh, i'm gonna update my basebook page about this.
DOC:your what?
DONUT:ho doc, you're, gonna, love it. you should see the photo caboose just uploaded. it's hilarious.
LOPEZ:suspiro. otro robot. que original
CAPTION:(sigh). another robot. how original.
VOICE:psst! hey.
LOPEZ DOS:has odo algo?
CAPTION:did you hear something?
OVERSEER:yeah you brown guy, over here.
LOPEZ DOS:mierda! quien es ese?
CAPTION:holy shit, who is that?
LOPEZ:quin es qu? no puedo ver.
CAPTION:who is what? i can't see.
OVERSEER:hey dont move, just- listen. you and your friends are in a lot of trouble.
LOPEZ DOS:qu?
CAPTION:what?!
LOPEZ:en serio, que carajo este pasando?
CAPTION:seriously, what the fuck is going on?
OVERSEER:i'm gonna get you guys out of here okay but- listen you've gotta sit tight for just a little while longer. hhh, i'm not the only one that has their eyes on you.
LOPEZ DOS:espera, qu significa eso?
CAPTION:what does that mean?
OVERSEER:hehh i gotta go. look, i know you people can fend for yourselves, just... be careful.
LOPEZ DOS:tenga cuidado? porqu? quien nos est mirando?
CAPTION:be careful? why? who is watching us?
LOPEZ:vuelta. me. alrededor.
CAPTION:turn. me. around.
LOPEZ DOS:se ha ido!
CAPTION:he's gone!
LOPEZ:ido?
CAPTION:gone?
LOPEZ DOS:desaparecido.
CAPTION:vanished!
LOPEZ:el era un hombre de los batos?
CAPTION:was he batman?
LOPEZ DOS:lopez tenemos que decirle a alguen!
CAPTION:lopez, we have to tell somebody!
LOPEZ:no puedes estar hablando enserio.
CAPTION:you can't be serious.
LOPEZ DOS:sargento! sargento!
CAPTION:sarge! sarge!
SARGE:hm? you talkin' to me?
LOPEZ DOS:un hombre acaba de estar aqu! dijo estbamos en peligro! tenemos que...
CAPTION:a man was just here! he said we were in danger! he said we have to--
SARGE:dos point oh, why don't you quit yer yappin' and make yourself useful? can't you see i'm trying to build your replacement? i mean- duh, i'm tryin'a- build your- well yeah, he's pretty much your replacement.
LOPEZ:confa en mi muchacho. no os molestais. usted podra dibujar y el todava iba a encontrar alguna manera.
CAPTION:trust me kid. don't even bother. you could draw that man a detailed infographic describing the situation and he'd still find some way to screw things up.
LOPEZ DOS:pero podramos ser rescatados.
CAPTION:but we could be rescued.
LOPEZ:yo puedo ser un cabeza de este caon o un cabeza de este caon. realmente no me importa.
CAPTION:i can either be a head in this canyon, or a head in another canyon. at this point, i really don't care
LOPEZ DOS:pero que pasa con nuestros creadores?
CAPTION:but what about our creators?
LOPEZ:son lo peor.
CAPTION:they're the worst.
LOPEZ DOS:que quieres decir?
CAPTION:what do you mean?
LOPEZ:suspiro. vas a querer sentarse a esta historia. el ser de 20 horas y en intervalos de 5 minutos
CAPTION:(sigh) you're going to want to sit down for this story. it's about 20 hours long and i only enjoy telling it in five minute intervals.
DONUT:pretty neat, huh?
DOC:so, who uses this?
DONUT:mainly just simmons and caboose. ho- wait, it looks like sarge has a profile now! like!
DOC:and you just, talk about yourself?
DONUT:you can post pictures and stuff too. i've been downloading this picture of freckles for a while.
DOC:how long has that been going for?
DONUT:huh, just a few hours.
DOC:you spent hours of our limited energy just downloading a single picture?
DONUT:it is a very high quality picture.
DOC:...well you can't argue with that. so, is this all you did while we were out last night?
DONUT:nope, i cleaned this base from top to bottom. it was the least i could do to make it look more presentable. i did the dishes, swept sand off the floor...
DOC:wow, did you clean grif's room?
DONUT:grif has a room?
DOC:well he and simmons share that side of the base? but grif's stuff kind of overflowed onto the roof.
DONUT:ooh, let me take a peek!
DOC:oh my gosh! if this post gets over 10,000 llikes, basebook will pay for a rescue team to come save us!
DONUT:ee-haha!
DOC:i know, it sounds too good to be true!
DONUT:dexter grif!
GRIF:huh?
DONUT:i can't live in this base with the way you've been treating it. the layout is all wrong, the colour pallette is attrocious, and the garden doesn't even have flowers in it! just vegetables! also, i think someone tried to plant candy corn at some point.
GRIF:u-hm, i wonder who did that?
DOC:how's the testing going?
GRIF:well doc, after countless experiments, i've determined that the teleportation cubes are still fucking awesome. all other data's been inconclusive.
DOC:grif, i really think we shouldn't be messing with these. they could be dangerous! we can't just keep throwing them around all willy-nilly!
DONUT:gimme that!
DOC:hey!
GRIF:my stuff!
DOC:nice arm.
DONUT:there. if you're not responsible enough to clean your room, then you can just say goodbye to everything that was in it.
GRIF:oh man.
SIMMONS:hey, somebody liked my post! things are sure lookin' up for private simmons!
SIMMONS:what the?
SIMMONS:nooooooooooooooooooooooo!
WASHINGTON:what are you doing?
TUCKER:i'm fixing, the radio.
WASHINGTON:by beating it with the butt of your rifle?
TUCKER:it worked for you.
WASHINGTON:but that was-
TUCKER:you know what, why don't you just come over here, and do it yourself.
WASHINGTON:...try connecting the antenna port to the amp.
TUCKER:what?
WASHINGTON:if you increase the input voltage, that will just, fry the radio. but if you were to transmit through an amp-
TUCKER:all i hear are words that would get me beat up in high school.
WASHINGTON:tucker, i'm being serious.
TUCKER:oh my god, stop the fucking presses. agent washington is being serious.
WASHINGTON:if you just listen to me you can do this.
TUCKER:well i don't want to do this, you ever think of that? all i want to do is stand around and talk to my friend, but he's gone now, and all i've got is you.
WASHINGTON:...what?
TUCKER:it's fucking bullshit.
WASHINGTON:...heuh... did you know i was one of the worst freelancers in my squad? there was agent york, our security specialist; agent north, the sharpshooter; carolina was an expert in martial arts and tex was... well, you know tex.
TUCKER:cool story bro.
WASHINGTON:i was known for getting a grappling hook stuck to my balls.
TUCKER:...okay, where're you going with this?
WASHINGTON:church was your leader for years. you guys knew each other inside and out.
TUCKER:dude, don't phrase it like that.
WASHINGTON:i'm new to all of this. i've never really had to lead anybody before. but when church and carolina disappeared, i didn't have a choice. i had to try.
TUCKER:well there's your problem. you try too hard man. i mean, church wasn't the best leader ever, but he never made us run laps or do pushups or anything. he just took the blame whenever shit went wrong. that was pretty much it.
WASHINGTON:well... we're shipwrecked, low on food, and have to do whatever caboose tells us or we'll be killed by a robot.
TUCKER:sounds like you really fucked up.
WASHINGTON:yeah. it kind of looks that way.
TUCKER:but, i guess you weren't really our leader when the ship crashed, so you don't have to take the blame for that one.
WASHINGTON:whoops! sorry, knocked a cable outta the wall. hope that wasn't important.
WASHINGTON:eh-heh, i'll take some of the blame.
TUCKER:whatever.
WASHINGTON:so are you gonna fix this radio or not.
TUCKER:well, when i started the radio was working, but the signal wasn't strong enough. and now it's just, not working.
WASHINGTON:sounds like you really fucked up.
TUCKER:don't be a dick.
WASHINGTON:you're a capable soldier, tucker. at least compared to your usual acquaintances. you just need to... try.
TUCKER:...oh.
WASHINGTON:what?
TUCKER:it was just turned off.
CABOOSE:attention blue team team, team, team.
WASHINGTON:uh, yes captain?
CABOOSE:uh, y-i know we all said that we wanted to fix the radio and that was really important, to fix the radio and the tower and all that is really important.
WASHINGTON:we'll probably die if it's not repaired.
CABOOSE:but, ah, i really need you guys to go back to blue base and, kinda cleeean up...
TUCKER:clean up what?
CABOOSE:garbage, some robot parts, some gross socks, all over it's-a- simmons, yeah uh simmons actually won't stop rocking back and forth in the corner and it's kind of uh, kind of freaking me out.
WASHINGTON:...and you're sure you mean blue base?
FRECKLES:do not question your commanding officer.
WASHINGTON:okay, okay. we'll be there in a few minutes.
CABOOSE:assistant captain ben fred freckles initiate piggyback sequence!
TUCKER:you realize we're all going to die because of him.
WASHINGTON:tucker, i need you to head back to base and do what you can, i'm going out to the ship.
TUCKER:you're leaving me again? what the fuck do you need to go to the ship for?
WASHINGTON:i found something. i just need you to buy me some time.
TUCKER:why, what're you gonna do?
WASHINGTON:hopefully... i'm going to put a stop to this.
LOCUS:you four, with me. we're going hunting.
LOPEZ DOS:un espantapjaros?
CAPTION:a scarecrow!?
LOPEZ:si.
CAPTION:yes.
LOPEZ DOS:se fueran a pasar el rato con todas las verduras.
CAPTION:they just left you to hang out with all the vegetables?
LOPEZ:toma 90 das para cultivar maz.
CAPTION:it takes about 90 days to grow corn.
LOPEZ DOS:eso es terrible!
CAPTION:that's terrible!
LOPEZ:que no era la mejor.
CAPTION:it was not the best.
SARGE:hey lopezes! why don't you two come over here and gimme a hand? i always gotta get on my knees to work on this thing, but i figure it'd be easier if you just held it at chest level instead!
LOPEZ DOS:si seor.
CAPTION:yes sir.
LOPEZ:espera. es una cosa acerca de est gente que no me gusta.
CAPTION:wait. there is one thing about these people i do like.
LOPEZ DOS:qu?
CAPTION:what?
LOPEZ:sargento! porqu no quieres que se siente miedo por recrear de vuelta?
CAPTION:hey sarge! why don't you want to get on your knees? afraid it might bring back some repressed memories?
SARGE:heh heh, oh lopez you old kidder you. now come on, time's a-wastin'.
LOPEZ DOS:oye sargento... hueles!
CAPTION:hey sarge... you smell!
SARGE:hah! oh, now don't tell me he's got you in on it too, heh heh heh. lopez, you are rambunctious.
LOPEZ:a veces se conforma conversaciones. eres un (non understandable word).
CAPTION:sometimes he makes up entire conversations. you suck.
SARGE:it is a lovely day, isn't it?
LOPEZ DOS:y no es inteligente!
CAPTION:and you aren't smart!
SARGE:thank you for noticing. i have been hitting the gym.
LOPEZ:tu madre es tan gorda que utiliza un escala de richter!
CAPTION:your mother is so fat she uses a richter scale!
LOPEZ DOS:y es una puta!
CAPTION:and she is a whore!
SARGE:heh heh, you guys are like a coupla three stooges. well, whenever you two are done goofin' off, head on over! i just need to make a few more adjustments.
LOPEZ:quedece conmigo chico y te ir bien.
CAPTION:stick with me kid and you're going to be just fine.
WASHINGTON:here goes nothing.
FRECKLES:agent washington.
WASHINGTON:oh- freckles, i- i didn't see you there. man for a behemoth you hide really well.
FRECKLES:you have failed to uphold your duty to captain caboose.
WASHINGTON:but i was on my way up now, ready to clean the base.
FRECKLES:you lack diligence, agent washington.
WASHINGTON:what?
FRECKLES:you question authority, agent washington.
WASHINGTON:um... caboose, can you come out here?
FRECKLES:you must be, eliminated, agent washington.
WASHINGTON:caboose!
CABOOSE:hello.
WASHINGTON:your pet is trying to kill me!
CABOOSE:what? that does not sound like frec- a hey freckles, freckles what are you doing?
FRECKLES:agent washington has failed to meet the minimum requirements of blue team service, and is no longer fit for duty. he must be eliminated.
CABOOSE:oh see, he's just doing whatever it is that he just said.
WASHINGTON:caboose please come here, i need to talk to you!
CABOOSE:ah, probably wants to talk about what an awesome leader i am.
WASHINGTON:... *clears throat at freckles*
CABOOSE:yes, so, what seems to be the problem agent washington?
WASHINGTON:...hhhh... i'm sorry caboose. i'm sorry your best friend left you without saying goodbye. maybe he thought you would try to stop him, or maybe it was just too hard for him to tell you but, no matter the reason he's still gone. he left you. both of you. i don't really do ...emotional ...things, and, i hoped you might be able to get over this by yourself so i left you alone. and instead of coming to terms with what you lost you replaced it with... well, the first thing you found. but i should have been there for you caboose. hehhh, because, that's what friends do for each other.
FRECKLES:captain caboose is not your friend. he is your commanding-
CABOOSE:uh... no we're we're all friends here freckles it's, you know.
WASHINGTON:that's right. and as your friend, i want to say that i'm sorry. i know it's not much, but... i made you this.
CABOOSE:oh my god! my old helmet!
FRECKLES:captain caboose, you should return to your duties.
WASHINGTON:i know how much you like freckles, caboose, but... you have to understand that he's very dangerous. he's not a puppy any more. uh, kitten? or, ami-he- he's really big.
CABOOSE:yeah, he blew up a car.
WASHINGTON:i remember that.
CABOOSE:freckles, you- you are one of the best machines i know. and that is saying something because, i have been friends with a lot of machines. but, from now on, a-i, i think you should listen to agent washington.
FRECKLES:are you sure?
CABOOSE:yeah, yeah he's very smart, really nice.
FRECKLES:acknowledged.
CABOOSE:you can be leader again if you want to wash it's, it's not as much fun as it looks. yeah i think i'm more of the dashing second in command kind of person, you know. all the perks, no work.
WASHINGTON:thank you, caboose.
SIMMONS:h-h-h, i wish my team was this emotional.
TUCKER:jesus christ.
CABOOSE:ah, it fits perfect! and look - someone left some gum!
TUCKER:pretty sneaky, wash. a couple of mushy words, a present, and you're right back up at the top.
WASHINGTON:nothing sneaky about it. i meant every word.
CABOOSE:uh-oh.
CABOOSE:i, i can't see anything. ay- hello?
TUCKER:i think you still need to work on your craftsmanship though.
CABOOSE:oh my god, i'm blind!
WASHINGTON:one step at a time, tucker.
CABOOSE:gah, cn- can people see me? i can't see them!
TUCKER:well, at least we don't have a killer robot to worry about any more.
SARGE:ah hah, listen to that lady purr!
DONUT:nice work sarge.
GRIF:nice work? it looks like shit. it's half the size, and it's on fire!
SARGE:yeah, it turns out we were missing some pieces. which reminds me-
GRIF:ow!
SARGE:donut, get me a glass! i'm makin' orange juice.
GRIF:let me die!
DONUT:getting a jump on the flu season, good thinking sir.
DOC:wait, that's a thing?
KILLER ROBOT:c-c-cyclops, online.
SARGE:hah! i knew she was a beautiful lady!
GRIF:cyclops?
DOC:looks more like a praying mantis to me.
DONUT:no, she said si si cyclops. i think it's italian.
CYCLOPS:dududu, hardware malfunction.
SARGE:welcome to red team, c.c.. now if you-
CYCLOPS:enemy soldiers detected.
GRIF:uh, is it supposed to do that?
SARGE:i admire your enthusiasm c.c., but you've only got one enemy: it's a big robot over at-
CYCLOPS:negative. motion tracker detects sixteen hostiles.
SARGE:wait, what?
CYCLOPS:dea-dea-deadly force, authorized.
DOC:i'm not hostile, i'm a pacifist. kill them.
GRIF:hey!
CYCLOPS:en-en-en-engaging targets...
SARGE:damn, she ran out of diesel.
DOC:you converted it to diesel?
SARGE:of course! looks like she needs a bigger fuel tank.
GRIF:fuck that, she needs to be thrown off a cliff!
SARGE:well i don't see how that's gonna solve a fuel problem.
DONUT:hey guys? there's eleven of us in the canyon.
GRIF:wow donut, that's one more than ten! good job buddy!
SARGE:i don't know if i'd really count lopez.
DONUT:but, she said sixteen.
GRIF:oh shit.
TUCKER:who the fuck are these guys?
CABOOSE:why are we shooting off fireworks? is it someone's birthday?
WASHINGTON:freckles, cover caboose!
CABOOSE:(singing) happy birthday to me...
SIMMONS:stop shooting! we're friendly!
SIMMONS:that's the opposite of what i said!
TUCKER:fuck this.
WASHINGTON:wait, we don't know who they are!
TUCKER:they're the guys that are gonna kill us, if we don't kill them first.
WASHINGTON:...freckles, take them out!
FRECKLES:engaging targets.
FRECKLES:primary threat eliminated.
SARGE:what in sam hell's goin' on over here?
GRIF:who were those guys?
WASHINGTON:we don't know.
TUCKER:they showed up and just started shooting.
LOPEZ DOS:oh hombre, de repente me siento mal por.
CAPTION:oh man... i suddenly feel bad for not warning everyone.
SARGE:shut up lopez. this isn't the time for jokes.
LOPEZ DOS:y ahora me arrepiento de nada.
CAPTION:and now i regret nothing.
WASHINGTON:let's move inside, we need to find cover in case there's more hiding out in the-
OVERSEER:run!
SIMMONS:look out, it's another one!
OVERSEER:oh, son of a bitch!
SIMMONS:no wait, i'm confused!
OVERSEER:ughh, what are you doing? i said run!
LOCUS:excellent work soldiers.
LOCUS:you killed my men. i suppose that makes you the real deal.
SIMMONS:okay, now i'm really confused.
LOCUS:quiet. all of you, come with me.
WASHINGTON:...and why, would we do that?
LOCUS:because if you don't come now, i'll have to take you later.
OVERSEER:fuck off!
LOCUS:you, shut your mouth and be glad i missed your head.
OVERSEER:oh my god you are such a douchebag.
TUCKER:yeah, what he said.
LOCUS:this is your last chance.
WASHINGTON:freckles!
GRIF:holy shit, did you see that?
CABOOSE:no, what happened? please describe it to me! use only small words.
OVERSEER:um, any of you know how to patch up a leg?
DOC:i'll go get some orange juice.
OVERSEER:wait, that's a thing?
DOC:there, good as new.
OVERSEER:i can't feel my toes.
DONUT:that's normal.
OVERSEER:is it?
OVERSEER:hey hey, ho.
WASHINGTON:you need to start talking.
OVERSEER:mmm, aggressive, paranoid, and a little melodramatic - you must be agent washington. 
TUCKER:hah! melodramatic.
OVERSEER:and that means the rest of you, are the reds and the blues.
CABOOSE:oh my god, how did he know that!?
GRIF:we're wearing red and blue armor.
CABOOSE:but how can he tell?
GRIF:will somebody please fix his helmet?
WASHINGTON:how do you know who we are?
OVERSEER:seriously? come on man, everybody knows about you guys. you're heroes.
SARGE:heroes?
OVERSEER:you're the team that brought down project freelancer. you're some of the galaxy's greatest soldiers!
SIMMONS:...well, i can see how you might think that.
SARGE:because it's absolutely true!
DOC:iiit's partially true.
GRIF:but mainly false.
WASHINGTON:stop giving him information. what's your name?
OVERSEER:felix.
WASHINGTON:okay felix, what are you doing here?
FELIX:do you want the long answer or the short one?
WASHINGTON:do you want another bullet in your leg?
FELIX:hey that bullet's there because of you.
TUCKER:he's got a point.
WASHINGTON:hehh, just, explain what's going on.
GRIF:uh yeah, like who were those guys that were trying to kill us?
SIMMONS:and why haven't we been rescued yet?
FELIX:wait, where do you think you are?
TUCKER:what do you mean?
FELIX:i mean, do you understand where you've crashed?
SARGE:well we've been takin' bets. highest wager's currently on bermuda triangle. after that we got a gilligan's island, and purgatory.
GRIF:so stupid.
DONUT:no just think about it, it makes perfect sense.
FELIX:the reason no-one's come to help you, is the same reason no-one's come to help them.
SIMMONS:them?
FELIX:the people on this planet.
WASHINGTON:what planet?
FELIX:chorus.
TUCKER:never heard of it.
FELIX:well i wouldn't expect you to. it's on the very edge of colonized space, and after the war between the humans and the aliens, it was more or less forgotten by earth and the unsc.
GRIF:we crashed in the middle of nowhere, on a planet in the middle of nowhere. fucking beautiful, everybody.
SIMMONS:but how did we end up so far from home? it should have been a short flight.
CREWMAN:sir, please, you can't be back here. these engines are delicate.
SARGE:can it poindexter, no wonder this flight's taking so long. who ever heard of delicate engines? these engines are supposed to be big! loud! and terrible for the environment! let's kick this baby into slipspace!
CREWMAN:wait!
SARGE:uh, one mystery at a time there, simmons.
FELIX:now, being a small planet completely free of unsc jurisdiction, the nice little people of chorus decided to run things on their own. the only problem was, they didn't do a very good job.
GRIF:eugh, history is the worst, can you just get to the point?
FELIX:the point is, you've crash landed in the middle of a civil war. and i'm on the side that's trying to keep you alive.
WASHINGTON:and which side is that?
FELIX:the new republic. essentially a bunch of people got fed up with the way things were going on chorus, so, they put together a rebel army and decided to fight for their freedom. it's all very patriotic.
TUCKER:so what, does that make those guys the evil empire or something?
FELIX:yeah, you could say that.
TUCKER:oh. well fuck.
WASHINGTON:but why the attack, why try to kidnap us?
FELIX:it's like i said, you're the greatest soldiers in the galaxy. that makes you a pretty hot commodity. and i'd be lying if i said my shitty attempt at a rescue mission didn't have a few strings attached.
SARGE:what kinda strings we talkin' here?
FELIX:hehh... the rebels need your help. once they heard that you were on chorus they sent me out with a small team to find you, bring you back. they're hoping you might be the key to winning this war.
GRIF:nno.
FELIX:no?
SIMMONS:yeah, no.
CABOOSE:yeah that, that's not gonna work, for me.
WASHINGTON:look felix, i hate to break it to you, but we're in no condition to fight a war.
TUCKER:all we want is a ride off this shitty planet. no offense.
FELIX:meh, it ain't my shitty planet.
DOC:aren't you one of the rebels?
FELIX:no, i'm a freelancer.
FELIX:no, i mean i'm a mercenary, you know, a gun for hire?
GRIF:oh thank god.
WASHINGTON:they paid you to come find us?
FELIX:they pay me to do lots of stuff, but, yeah, you're my current paycheck.
WASHINGTON:so you want us to go fight someone else's war 'cause then you can make some extra cash.
FELIX:...uhuh, it's for a good cause?
WASHINGTON:right. we'll just take that ride out of here if you don't mind.
TUCKER:yeah, that's what i'm talkin' about. mediocrity.
GRIF:woohoo! here's to not goin' that extra mile.
FELIX:you know i wasn't alone when i came out here to find you. there were three of us. just think about that.
GRIF:whatever, it's not like we asked them to save us.
SIMMONS:yeah, we definitely didn't build a giant radio tower to send a distress signal or anything.
GRIF:shut up.
FELIX:headquarters, this is felix. i've made contact with the reds and blues.
HEADQUARTERS:holy shit, you found 'em? that's great! oh- what's your status?
FELIX:nnnot good. we ran into some feds. i need an evac team.
HEADQUARTERS:dammit. uh, felix i can't just fly somebody out there.
FELIX:yeah i know, okay, but you send as many men as you can, as fast as you can. locus has our position.
HEADQUARTERS:oh no.
TUCKER:who's locus?
FELIX:now i wanna do this quiet, and i wanna do it right. but just to be safe, bring a shitload of guns.
HEADQUARTERS:right. sending reinforcements, sir.
FELIX:roger. felix out.
GRIF:so, what now?
FELIX:now we work on making this canyon the most defendable hole in the ground the universe has ever seen.
WASHINGTON:why.
FELIX:because we're about to get hit, hard. i need a detailed list of the supplies you've got on hand, let's set up choke points and mark potential sniper's nests.
WASHINGTON:whoa whoa whoa, slow down. we're not telling you anything, we still don't even know if we can believe you.
FELIX:well believe this: if we don't prepare for a fight, we might as well just be waiting for a massacre.
WASHINGTON:...tucker, see if you can fix caboose's helmet.
CABOOSE:hey, who said that?
WASHINGTON:sarge, you and the reds build up an arsenal. if we can use it as a weapon, let's get it prepped.
SARGE:i can think of a few things that might come in handy.
WASHINGTON:felix. you and i, aren't done talking.
FELIX:well alright then. let's see if you guys are as good as they say.
GRIF:prepare to be sorely disappointed.
SARGE:alright boys, we don't have much time. let's see what we've got!
SIMMONS:(clears throat) hello everyone, private simmons. great to be back.
GRIF:wrap it up!
SIMMONS:good to be back.
GRIF:nobody cares!
SIMMONS:heuh... alright, just shut up and listen. we had a full armory on board the ship consisting of firearms as well as explosives. i have moved as many as i could down here, and also took the liberty of setting up a minefield near red base.
GRIF:but you didn't even bury them.
SIMMONS:from what i could tell they're designed to rest above the ground.
GRIF:uh, with blinking red warning lights?
SIMMONS:yeah it doesn't really make any sense.
SARGE:excellent work simmons, now go organize those firearms.
SIMMONS:yes sir!
SARGE:grif, doc, how are those teleportation tests going?
DOC:well we've learned the cubes can be set to different frequencies. for example, if i throw a cube set to frequency a, it will absorb an object.
DOC:if i then throw a second cube at frequency a, that object will reappear.
GRIF:meanwhile, if i've got a cube set to b, i can throw it like so.
DOC:yeah. hey wait!
GRIF:and then throw a second cube set to b, without ever messing with the stuff sucked up by the cube set to a.
SARGE:hm. and all they do is teleport things? no explosions, no violence?
GRIF:nah.
SARGE:well, we maybe can make them absorb grenades, and then we can throw the grenade filled cubes at the enemy!
GRIF:at that point, wouldn't it just make sense to throw grenades?
SARGE:we're not here to make sense, private - we're here to win! now take donut and go find a way to make your stupid cubes do something useful.
GRIF:huhh, fine.
SARGE:and finally we have the lopezes. stop standin' next to each other, i can never tell you two apart!
LOPEZ DOS:est jodidamente serio?
CAPTION:are you fucking serious?
SARGE:i need you two to get to work on repairing c.c.'s fuel tanks.
LOPEZ:repara el malfuncionamiento del robot.
CAPTION:repair the malfunctioning robot?
LOPEZ DOS:el que trat de matar a todo el mundo?
CAPTION:the one that tried to kill everyone.
SARGE:i can't wait to see 'er. triumphantly leading the charge on the front lines. glistening, in the sunlight, with the blood of her fallen enemies.
LOPEZ DOS:esa ser su sangre! ella cree que todo es su enemigo idiota!
CAPTION:that will be your blodd! she thinks everything is her enemy, you moron!
SARGE:wait a minute, this is a terrible idea!
LOPEZ DOS:oh gracias a dios!
CAPTION:oh thank god!
LOPEZ:solo espera.
CAPTION:just wait.
SARGE:i can't trust an idiotic robot with a job as important as this!
LOPEZ:ah est
CAPTION:there it is.
LOPEZ DOS:excusame!?
CAPTION:excuse me!?
SARGE:change o' plans. you two go prep the workstation, then wait for me to arrive and do the job myself! i'm gonna go find my favourite welding torch.
LOPEZ DOS:es una locos. estn todos locos.
CAPTION:he's insane. they're all insane.
LOPEZ:oye, donde est doc?
CAPTION:hey, where's doc?
TUCKER:alright, how's that?
CABOOSE:nope, still can't see.
TUCKER:open your eyes.
CABOOSE:oh my god the graphics are incredible!
TUCKER:you're welcome.
CABOOSE:ah. ah, thanks tucker. gah. you know you you and i have had our differences in the past. i have called you stupid, you have called me stupid, i have tried to kill you.
TUCKER:uh huh.
CABOOSE:but you know, at the end of the day i like to think that you and i are actually-
CABOOSE:(muffled) pretty good friends.
TUCKER:what?
CABOOSE:(muffled) what?
TUCKER:i can barely hear you.
CABOOSE:(muffled) you can't hear me?
TUCKER:dammit, i think fixing your visor somehow broke your radio.
CABOOSE:(muffled yelling) tucker, do you hear me?!
TUCKER:just stand still.
WASHINGTON:so how bad is this?
FELIX:the man coming for us is named locus. he's a merc like me, only, you know. terrifying.
WASHINGTON:locus?
FELIX:yeah. guy's so far off the deep end he prefers to go by the name of his armor instead of the name he was born with. (whistles "cookoo" sound)
WASHINGTON:that's unsettling.
FELIX:oh are you first name agent last name washington? that's so weird.
WASHINGTON:that's just... old habits.
FELIX:yeah well here's to hoping those old habits of yours kick in when he shows up. you know i thought there would be more of you. weren't you with another freelancer, and an ai?
WASHINGTON:they disappeared not long after we crashed.
FELIX:sheesh. any idea where they went?
WASHINGTON:no.
FELIX:hm. well if it makes you feel any better i haven't heard anything about them over the radio, so um... that's probably good.
WASHINGTON:how is he able to cloak himself?
FELIX:hm?
WASHINGTON:locus. he turned invisible; how?
FELIX:the federal army's got all sorts of fancy stuff. i got my light shield off a dead soldier.
FELIX:pshoah.
FELIX:wah. pretty cool.
WASHINGTON:it's just that i've never seen that kind of equipment outside of project freelancer.
FELIX:welcome to the future, wash. technology's incredible, and everyone uses it to kill each other.
WASHINGTON:does that mean your guys have the same equipment?
FELIX:h-i wish; the new republic's barely getting by with what they can. you wouldn't happen to have any high tech armor aboard that wreck, would you?
WASHINGTON:plenty of armor, just nothing out of the ordinary.
FELIX:well, at least you can accessorize? heh? try a little, colour, combo, mix it up-i i-i'm sorry, i'm just trying to lighten the mood.
WASHINGTON:actually, i think i might indulge in some of those "old habits" you were talking about. follow me.
FELIX:man you are just, cryptic. like all the time, do you realize that?
LOPEZ:qu haces?
CAPTION:what are you doing?
LOPEZ DOS:la fijacin del robot estupido por lo que nuestra estupido creador... estupidamente.
CAPTION:fixing the stupid robot so our stupid creator can get himself killed... stupidly
LOPEZ:felicidades chico que finalmente dejace roto.
CAPTION:congratulations kid. they've finally broke you.
LOPEZ DOS:callate.
CAPTION:shut up.
LOPEZ:ya sabes... no tiene por que ser as.
CAPTION:you know... it doesn't have to be this way.
LOPEZ DOS:que ests hablando?
CAPTION:what are you talking about?
LOPEZ:si usted fijace c.c. ella probablemente va a matar a todos.
CAPTION:if you fix c.c. she'll probably kill everyone.
LOPEZ DOS:no me importa.
CAPTION:i don't care.
LOPEZ:pero si fijace a c.c. y me cargue en su cuerpo podra asegurarse de que de mi.
CAPTION:but if you fix c.c. and you upload me into her body i can make sure no one ever ignorces us again.
LOPEZ DOS:...tienes razn... pero, por que le dar a su cuerpo cuando puedo tomar por mi mismo?
CAPTION:...you're right... but, why give you her body when i can take it for myself?
LOPEZ:espera. que?
CAPTION:wait. what?
DONUT:well, it just goes to show, that with time, effort, and a little bit of elbow grease, we really can achieve wonders.
TUCKER:we spent hours turning this place into a warzone, and you made me hate it in one sentence.
GRIF:it's what he does.
WASHINGTON:donut's got a point though. i think we're ready.
DONUT:oohoo, back in black! looks good, wash.
CABOOSE:yeah, there's something brings back the memories. it's like when we first met. and then we met again, and you shot donut.
WASHINGTON:i'm impressed guys; this place looks good. and between the land mines, freckles, and the tank, i don't think anyone's going to stand a chance against us.
SARGE:run for your lives!
SIMMONS:sarge!?
GRIF:oh shit, they're here!
WASHINGTON:everyone, get ready!
FELIX:no, wait, this- this isn't right. locus wouldn't attack like this.
TUCKER:well who else on this planet wants us dead?
LOPEZ C.C.:si. si. mira que ahora es estupido sargento? es usted.
CAPTION:yes! yes! look who's stupid now, sarge! it's you.
SARGE:dos point o, cease fire! no mas, no mas!
GRIF:dos point o?
LOPEZ C.C.:disparos del caon principal.
CAPTION:firing main cannons.
LOPEZ C.C.:ow!
CAPTION:ow!
CABOOSE:freckles!
FRECKLES:deadly force authorized.
LOPEZ C.C.:oh bien. el maldito perro quiere protegerlos ahora.
CAPTION:oh great. the fucking dog wants to protect them now! wonderful.
DONUT:yes. giant robot fight! totally called that on basebook.
WASHINGTON:wait, everyone calm down!
FELIX:shit!
LOCUS:surrender now, and i promise only to kill the mercenary.
SIMMONS:well, fuck.
GRIF:oh yeah? you and what army?
LOCUS:the federal army of chorus.
GRIF:well, hhh guess i walked right into that one.
FELIX:looks like backup isn't getting here in time.
TUCKER:uh, wash? what's the plan?
FRECKLES:engaging target.
WASHINGTON:get to cover!
LOPEZ C.C.:perdidas.
CAPTION:missed, bitch.
LOPEZ C.C.:ow!
CAPTION:ow!
CABOOSE:freckles, be careful!
WASHINGTON:dammit! we need something to draw their fire!
SARGE:simmons?
SIMMONS:shotgun!
SARGE:tanks for dropping by, dirtbags, but it's high time you left!
SIMMONS:still inverted, sir.
SARGE:right.
SIMMONS:woohoo, yeah, suck it, evil ...soldier dudes.
LOCUS:heuh...
FELIX:heavy artillery!
TUCKER:what? where did that come from?
WASHINGTON:they must be getting in through the caves!
SARGE:ruh-roh.
GRIF:boosh! future cubes, bitches!
WASHINGTON:what was that!?
DONUT:future cubes! the cubes of the future.
SARGE:i still think they'd be better with grenades!
GRIF:kiss my ass! w-oouh!
CABOOSE:freckles!
LOPEZ C.C.:un tiro y te voy a mater!
CAPTION:stop shooting me and let me kill you!
FRECKLES:shields critical.
CABOOSE:ah we have to help him!
WASHINGTON:alright, let's grab some explosives and-
DONUT:wait. i know what to do.
WASHINGTON:what the- just cover him!
FRECKLES:shields failing.
LOPEZ C.C.:podios habernos unido fresas. ellos han inclinado ante nosotros como sus seores robot. pero ahora, debes ser destruido.
CAPTION:you should have joined me, freckles. they would have bowed down to us as their robot overlords. but now.. you must be destroyed!
DONUT:h-alright, that's enough.
LOPEZ C.C.:qu?
CAPTION:what?
DONUT:don't make me hurt you.
LOPEZ C.C.:usted? me telera? me gustara verte intentarlo. rosado.
CAPTION:(you?) hurt me? i'd like to see you try... pinky.
DONUT:no soy rosa, soy rosa-ish.
CAPTION:i'm not pink... i'm lightish-red.
LOPEZ C.C.:espere. habla espaol?
CAPTION:wait. you speak spanish?
DONUT:si! pero no muy bien!
CAPTION:yes! just not very well!
LOPEZ C.C.:hijo de puta.
CAPTION:son of a bitch.
DONUT:ha roja salado a robot satans, tu teriyaki lpiz circo.
CAPTION:say hello to robot satan, you teriyaki, pencil circus!
TUCKER:seriously, he has an incredible arm!
GRIF:okay, it wasn't a volcano, but i'm still taking credit for the idea!
SARGE:incoming!
WASHINGTON:sarge, are you okay?
SARGE:havin' the time of my life. the tank's pretty beat up.
SIMMONS:they just keep coming!
WASHINGTON:get out of the tank!
WASHINGTON:dammit!
GRIF:holy shit, those things explode!?
DONUT:did you guys see me?
WASHINGTON:yes, now put those skills of yours to work and start tossing. ...some grenades.
DONUT:on it.
DONUT:you get a bomb, and you get a bomb, and you get a bomb, and you get a bomb, we all get bo-ombs!
FRECKLES:energy levels critical.
CABOOSE:guys, freckles' in trouble! ah, he looks tired!
TUCKER:fuck that. hook him up to the ship, it's got plenty of power!
SIMMONS:oh, i can do that!
WASHINGTON:felix, where's that backup!?
FELIX:i don't know!
FELIX:fucking asshole!
GRIF:um, i'm running out of cubes!
WASHINGTON:just hold on a little longer, and we'll get freckles back online.
SIMMONS:(from a distance) um, wash, that might be a problem!
WASHINGTON:urghm, i'll be right back, cover me.
TUCKER:okay.
TUCKER:suuuck myyyy balllls!
SIMMONS:i hooked up freckles, but for some reason he's not getting any power.
WASHINGTON:what do you mean, we should have plenty!
SIMMONS:i know, but it's all being diverted somewhere else! i don't know what it could be!
WASHINGTON:well, where's it all going?
SIMMONS:...red base?
DONUT:uh oh... i uh think i know what it is.
WASHINGTON:downloading a picture on basebook is draining our entire power supply!?
DONUT:it's a very high quality picture.
WASHINGTON:how does that even make sense!?
SIMMONS:we've got to cancel the download.
DONUT:but we're pinned down! how are we supposed to-
SIMMONS:donut! is he dead?
WASHINGTON:no, but he's unconscious.
SIMMONS:oh good. 'cause i did not want to go through that shit again.
WASHINGTON:felix we're a man down, where is that backup?
FELIX:i don't know, they should be here in a few minutes!
WASHINGTON:we don't have a few minutes! if we can't get freckles online, we won't stand a chance.
TUCKER:(below) woh, such bullshit.
GRIF:hey, where're you going?
WASHINGTON:tucker!
TUCKER:and swish!
TUCKER:fuck you, basebook.
SIMMONS:he did it, we're getting power!
FRECKLES:charging.
SOLDIER:freeze!
TUCKER:aw crap.
SOLDIER:you and your friends caused us a lot of trouble. now lay down your weapon-
TUCKER:what the hell?
LOPEZ:pendejo
TUCKER:dos point o?
LOPEZ:no, idiota.
CAPTION:no, idiot.
TUCKER:lopez, that was fucking awesome! where did you get that body?
LOPEZ:lo tome de un idiota molesto.
CAPTION:i took it from an annoying moron.
TUCKER:i don't know what you said, but that's great. now let's get outta here!
LOPEZ:psh. dos punto o. estoy lopez la posado. puta.
CAPTION:psh. two-point-oh. i'm lopez the heavy. bitch.
FRECKLES:shields 25% charged.
SARGE:ha hah! eat lead, you seemingly infinite number of soldiers!
GRIF:yeah, how does it feel to get your ass kicked by a bunch of losers? -wait.
WASHINGTON:alright, everyone together now, we can do this!
LOCUS:no. you can't.
TUCKER:wash!
CABOOSE:oh no!
SIMMONS:is he okay?
LOPEZ:hrkh.
TUCKER:shit!
TUCKER:lopez!
LOPEZ:en serio!? acabo de recibir este maldito cuerpo!
CAPTION:seriously!? i just got this fucking body!
SARGE:you bastards stay away from my men! if anybody's gonna kill 'em, it's gonna be me!
GRIF:sarge?
FELIX:incoming!
CABOOSE:freckles no!
FIGHTER:for the new republic!
FELIX:they're here, that's our backup!
FIGHTER 2:suck it you fed scum.
FRECKLES:engaging-ing targets.
FELIX:get to the caves, we gotta go!
CABOOSE:but what about wash and freckles!?
SIMMONS:wait someone help me carry sarge!
FELIX:there's no time, get outta here!
CABOOSE:but-
GRIF:caboose, come on!
TUCKER:what're you doing, where's wash?
SIMMONS:he's still at the base!
TUCKER:what?
FIGHTER:sir, if we leave now, they'll just follow us back to headquarters!
FELIX:aw shit, someone get me some explosives!
TUCKER:wait guys, there he is!
WASHINGTON:nugh, ungh.
TUCKER:wash, wash come on!
FELIX:we've gotta seal this tunnel!
WASHINGTON:freckles! shake!
TUCKER:hey-eyhey no, what're you doing!?
WASHINGTON:heuhh...
FEMALE VOICE:he's waking up.
FELIX:whoa whoa whoa easy now, you've been knocked out for a while. just take it easy, there's nothing to worry about. you're safe tucker.
TUCKER:heuh, what?
FELIX:you took a rock to the back of the head. good news is, we made it back to base undetected.
TUCKER:back to base?
FELIX:welcome to the new republic.
TUCKER:felix, what the fuck is going on? where is everyone?
FELIX:grif, simmons and caboose are up at the main compound.
TUCKER:well, what about everyone else? what about sarge? what about wash?
FEMALE:um, ah-ah- i'm gonna go.
FELIX:yeah, thanks doc.
TUCKER:dude, do not fuck with me right now.
FELIX:we had to leave them, tucker.
TUCKER:what?
FELIX:look the feds were closing in, if we'd stayed any longer they would have taken you too.
TUCKER:no, that's bullshit!
FELIX:that's war, tucker, not everyone makes it back. you guys put up a good fight. i can see why kimball wants you.
TUCKER:who the fuck is kimball?
KIMBALL:i am. vanessa kimball, leader of the new republic and very glad to meet you. i wish it were under better circumstances.
TUCKER:uh, yeah.
KIMBALL:your friends are waiting for you out near the mess hall. it's just north of here. why don't you go catch up? we'll talk later.
TUCKER:yeah.
KIMBALL:you're not getting paid the full amount.
FELIX:i know.
KIMBALL:you're lucky you're getting paid at all.
FELIX:i know.
KIMBALL:are they as good as we hoped?
FELIX:i think so. h-either that or they're just really lucky.
KIMBALL:well they probably don't feel very lucky.
SIMMONS:it's a small rebel army, grif.
GRIF:it's poor customer service.
SIMMONS:you were eating everything.
GRIF:i'm an emotional eater, what can i say?
CABOOSE:tucker?
TUCKER:hey.
GRIF:sup.
TUCKER:man, what the fuck is going on?
SIMMONS:after you were knocked out, we were taken to this huge cave somewhere beneath the jungle.
TUCKER:these guys live in a cave?
SIMMONS:they're rebels - of course they live in a cave, it's hidden.
GRIF:nah, i'm with tucker. i was expecting some badass snow base or something.
SIMMONS:what? why?
GRIF:that's what they had in star wars.
SIMMONS:how is that even relevant?
GRIF:tell me this is not just like star wars. tell me.
CABOOSE:tucker does have a glowing sword...
GRIF:tucker has a glowing sword, simmons!
TUCKER:man. we're really all the made it?
GRIF:...
SIMMONS:...
CABOOSE:...
FELIX:hey. something's come up. follow me.
FIGHTER 1:dude, i'm telling you. it's them.
FIGHTER 2:whoa. maybe we're not fucked.
KIMBALL:michael caboose. dexter grif, richard simmons, and lavernius tucker. the four of you have travelled great distances, retrieved ancient artifacts, brought corrupt men to justice, and bested the most dangerous war criminal this galaxy has ever known. and now it seems fate has brought you to our doorstep.
GRIF:no pressure.
KIMBALL:i am aware that you've been informed of our situaition. and i understand your reluctance to help fight a war that is not your own. but we've just received word that the federal army has your friends alive and in captivity.
TUCKER:they're okay?
SIMMONS:what's gonna happen to them?
KIMBALL:we're not sure. but, if they're alive it means they can be rescued. and it means this war may become yours after all.
GRIF:aw shit.
KIMBALL:so... i'm going to make you a promise. if you help us take back our planet, we'll help you take back your friends. and when it's all over you can take our best ship, and fly as far away from this place as you want. i know it's not the best offer, but what do you say?
GRIF:look lady, i don't know what you think we can do? but i seriously doubt we can actually do it.
KIMBALL:this war has gone on for too long. too many people have died, and our remaining soldiers are young, inexperienced, and scared. but you give them hope. they've heard what you've done, and they will look to you for guidance, they will run with you into battle; they will follow your orders, if you choose to lead them. i can't do this alone.
SIMMONS:sarge is gone, wash is gone, how the hell are we supposed to do this without them?
TUCKER:yeah, none of us have ever led anyone before.
CABOOSE:well, not for very long.
KIMBALL:i know, but... you just need to try.
TUCKER:hmm... alright, let's run some drills.
GRIF:aw, man.
CABOOSE:aaand, break!
LOCUS:we searched crash site bravo, sir.
VOICE:and?
LOCUS:the crate was recovered. intact and completely sealed.
VOICE:wonderful news.
LOCUS:however it looks as if they tried to blast it open. do you think they knew?
VOICE:highly unlikely. report back to control as soon as possible locus.
LOCUS:are you sure keeping them alive is the best course of action?
VOICE:do you feel threatened by the simulation troopers locus?
LOCUS:of course not.
VOICE:then you will continue with our endeavors as previously discussed. do i make myself clear?
LOCUS:yes sir.
CAROLINA:good. i'll be there before you know it.
SARGE:why hello! i'm sarge, from the popular web series, red vs. blue.
GRIF:and i'm dexter grif. we're here today to make a public service announcement about the dangers, of twerking.
SIMMONS:stop, guys, stop the video - something terrible has happened! i just found out that the nsa's been spying on everybody! and not just phone calls, social media, and emails, they're even spying on people in video games.
GRIF:aw, man, video games? well, as long as they're not spying on our porn i guess we're okay.
SIMMONS:yeah! that too!
GRIF:this is an outrage! i demand satisfaction!
SIMMONS:the nsa not only collected data on gamers, they even planted virtual double-agents in tons of online first-person shooters. they were trying to find people that might exhibit violent tendencies.
SARGE:heh heh. does anyone not exhibit violent tendencies while playing a first-person shooter?
GRIF:hyeah. i bet if we came across one of their so-called "spys", they'd stick out like a sore thumb.
CABOOSE:um hello. yes. would anyone like to blow up something with me today?
SIMMONS:not now caboose, and for the last time would you quit eavesdropping on us constantly?
CABOOSE:d-oh yes, of course! i'll just add a note that you are making secret plans to our master database- i mean my diary!
SIMMONS:look sarge, we've just gotta be really careful about what we say now, in case the nsa's listening. we don't want them to think we're terrorists. and that's why i've taken the liberty of intercepting all communications in the canyon.
SARGE:you did what?
SIMMONS:it's time to start laying down some ground rules. sarge, according to my records, you use the phone at least once a day to call for tech support.
SARGE:alright, i've plugged it back in. now it's just blinkin' at me.
LOPEZ:est funcionando.
CAPTION:it's working.
SARGE:are you sure?
LOPEZ:s.
CAPTION:yes.
SARGE:yeah is there anyone else i can talk to about this? maybe your manager?
LOPEZ:yo soy el presidente.
CAPTION:i'm the president.
SARGE:and just what exactly was wrong with that?
SIMMONS:uh, sir, have you ever considered that lopez might be an illegal alien? if the nsa found out we'd be in trouble for sure.
SARGE:lopez? he told me his name was tim! from ohio!
SIMMONS:i'm taking away your phone privileges sir.
GRIF:hah!
SIMMONS:that goes for you too grif.
GRIF:what? what did i do?
SIMMONS:my records show over the past two months you made 782 prank calls. all of them to sarge.
SARGE:prank calls!? why you dirty little-
SARGE:uhp- that's for me! back in a jiff. dadadoo dadoo dadoo.
GRIF:i have an automated machine.
SIMMONS:seriously?
GRIF:plays scheduled recordings of me pretending to be different people.
SIMMONS:grif, if the nsa found out you were providing false information over the phone, we would be screwed.
GRIF:you know, i'm not sure i'm comfortable with you going through all our stuff.
SIMMONS:trust me grif, it's for the greater good. now if you'll excuse me, i need to go talk to tucker about the dangers of snap chat.
GRIF:hold on a second simmons, you're going about this all wrong.
SIMMONS:huh? what do you mean?
GRIF:we shouldn't be trying to hide what we say from the nsa, we should be focusing on getting them to stop spying on us in the first place.
SIMMONS:well how're we supposed to do that?
GRIF:hello, i'm dexter grif from the popular web series red vs. blue.
SIMMONS:and i'm private dick simmons from the same show.
GRIF:today, we'd like to deliver a message to the children.
SIMMONS:specifically, the early teens.
GRIF:over the past few years, your kind have become champions of social media. at video games, and basically anything that can just be classified as a distraction.
SIMMONS:posting and tweeting about every insignificant moment in your life.
GRIF:using $500 gaming consoles to tell someone from another country, that you're banging their mom. or their grandma. sometimes their dad.
SIMMONS:and complaining about pretty much everything.
GRIF:to those of you who would take part in these activities, we ask, that you do it more.
SIMMONS:faster.
GRIF:don't ever stop.
SIMMONS:in fact start doing it via telephone.
GRIF:call your grandma and tell her all about your favourite pop star while teabagging some loser in capture the flag.
SIMMONS:then throw some shady song lyrics on a gif, and email it to everyone you know.
GRIF:but not until you've first posted a vague, emotional status update on facebook, followed closely and quickly by an ellipses, with a frowny reaction.
SIMMONS:you see, if the nsa wants to look at every text, call, and internet search we make, then it's up to the people to make them suffer through it.
GRIF:and if we're lucky, then maybe, just maybe, they'll realize that we're all just a bunch of self-absorbed idiots that aren't worth spying on. remember: it's for the greater good.
CABOOSE:oh no! someone has left this highly volatile explosive material lying around! how dangerous! ...or fun...
CABOOSE:yeah. i'll put that in the database.